   >. Customer services >. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy

   (Updated 05 November 2014)

   The Website is operated by Argos Limited ("Argos/we/our/us") a company
   incorporated in England (Company Number 01081551) with registered
   office at 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 2NW.
   Argos is a member of the Home Retail Group ("the Group"). The Group
   ("we", "us") includes Argos Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited,
   Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance
   Services Limited, Home Retail Group Personal Finance Limited, ARG
   Personal Loans Limited, Homebase Limited, Argos Business Solutions
   Limited, Habitat Retail Limited and their associated companies. A full
   list of companies is available upon request (See 'Contact Us' below).

   As user of the website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that
   any use of this website (including any transactions you make) is
   subject to this Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions.

   The purpose of this statement is to set out the purposes for which, and
   the manner in which, we may collect and use personal information that
   we may obtain about you. By either registering as a user of any
   services provided by Argos on this website and/or by using the Argos
   website generally you consent and agree to this use by us.

   Argos does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person
   under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not use
   the Argos website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the
   consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.

   Use of your personal information
   Crime prevention
   Telephone calls
   Disclosure of your information
   Cookies
   Security
   Product reviews
   General
   How can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?
   How do I change any details stored on argos.co.uk?
   Contact us
   Changes to policy
   Use of your personal information

   1. When you register and use this site:
     * You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name,
       contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details.
       We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We
       will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
     * Some of our services will require further details. For example,
       when using the Gift list service, this will require further
       information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your
       chosen guests to see your list details.
     * In addition, we may gather other information about your use of the
       website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies
       below).

   2. We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us:
   (a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold
   with us.
   (b) to administer our website services.
   (c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to
   you, e.g. product, home and motor, financial and travel services.
   (d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and
   obtain payment.
   (e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g. (market,
   customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a
   personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to
   review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer
   and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant
   information through our marketing programme.
   (f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using
   computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products
   and/or services which we think will interest you from the information
   we have.
   (g) we may keep you informed of such products and services (including
   products and services of other companies and organisations and
   including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties,
   insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any
   of the following methods:
     * Email
     * Telephone (including automated calls)
     * SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture
       messaging
     * Post
     * Or otherwise

   (h) to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.

   3. If you do not wish to receive information of products and services
   which may be of interest to you from us or carefully chosen third
   parties, please select the opt-out option where appropriate.

   4. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with
   information that we receive from third parties. In particular we will
   carry out searches with credit reference agencies.

   5. We may engage third party payment providers to administer and
   process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase
   that you make through the website.

   6. We may store and process your information on our own information
   technology systems or on systems owned by third parties that may store
   and process your information on our behalf.
   Crime prevention

   7. In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we
   may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and
   other information in our customer records, including how you conduct
   your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to
   financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and
   detection, to use in the same way. Without limitation to the foregoing,
   we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police
   or any regulatory or government authority including and not limited to
   law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with
   the investigation of any suspected illegal activities.
   Telephone calls

   8. Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together
   with other customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control
   and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for
   complaint resolution.
   Disclosure of your information

   9. We may give information about you to the following companies and
   organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:
   (a) to other companies in the Group.
   (b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third
   parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to
   you by the Group now or in the future.
   (c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may
   tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.
   (d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or
   competitions.
   (e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our
   agreement with you.
   (f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.

   10. We refer in paragraph 4 above to the fact that we may carry out
   credit reference agency searches to obtain information about you. These
   agencies record those searches. In addition to the purposes listed
   above, we may also share information about you and the conduct of your
   account with credit reference agencies, other lenders and relevant
   third parties including our legal advisors and debt recovery agencies.

   11. In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may
   transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic
   Area. Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information
   will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us
   under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware
   that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the
   same level of protection of personal data.
   Cookies

   13. This site uses cookies which are text files which contain small
   amounts of information that a website can send to, and store on, your
   computer or device through your browser. Cookies may be used by us to
   provide you with, for example, customised information from our website
   to make our website more user-friendly. This may include, for example,
   remembering your postcode for you so you don't have to re-enter it
   every time you check the stock levels for an item you are interested
   in. In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which
   pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages
   are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.

   14. We are required to provide you with clear and comprehensive
   information about the cookies which we use on the site and to obtain
   your consent to the use of the cookies. In order to comply with these
   requirements we have prepared a cookies policy setting out information
   about cookies, detailing the cookies we use and providing information
   on how to manage cookies on your computer.

   15. By using the Argos website, mobile website and Apps, you are
   agreeing to our Privacy and cookie policies and consent to the use of
   cookies and similar technologies by us and our carefully selected third
   party partners as described in these policies. If you do not agree to
   such use, please see the Managing your cookies section for details on
   how to adjust your settings.

   For full details about our cookie policy, please see our Cookie policy
   page.
   Security

   16. We will treat all of your information in strict confidence and we
   will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal
   information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you
   disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing
   information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us
   responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our
   negligence or wilful default.

   17. For further information about the steps we take to protect your
   information and make online shopping as secure as possible, please see
   information on Secure online shopping.
   Product reviews

   18. Around 2 weeks after receiving your product, we may send you an
   email inviting you to review and rate the product that you purchased.
   In addition, sometimes we may also ask you if you would like to answer
   questions related to your product submitted by other customers.

   Please be aware that:
     * your review may be shared on other Home Retail Group sites.
     * once submitted, it usually takes 72 hours for your review, question
       or answer to appear on the website providing it adheres to our
       Publishing guidelines.
     * your review can be submitted anonymously or if you prefer you can
       leave a ratings only review.
     * it is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after
       submission

   If you require any further information on this service or wish to have
   your review removed, you can contact Customer services.

   19. We may in our absolute discretion accept or reject any product
   review which may be submitted to us and may edit any such review for
   both length and/or content as we see fit. All reviews are submitted on
   the basis that Argos or any member of the Group may use the review in
   any format and for any purpose as it sees fit and for any marketing or
   promotional purposes.
   General

   20. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data
   Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written
   request and payment of a fee (see Contact us below).

   21. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is
   incorrect please Contact Us.

   22. Please be aware that our site may link to other websites which may
   be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data
   policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.
   How can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?

   23. If you want to be removed from our mailing list, please send an
   email to reply@argos.co.uk with the word 'remove' in the subject line
   and the email address that you wish to be removed within the email.
   Please note that it may take up to 28 days to action your request. In
   addition, each electronic mailing we send you will contain details of
   how you can unsubscribe.
   How do I change any details stored on Argos.co.uk?

   24. To change any of your registered details on argos.co.uk, click on
   'Sign in' and enter your login name and password. Once logged in change
   any of the details shown and click 'update my details'. For further
   information about shopping on argos.co.uk, please read our Terms and
   conditions and Home delivery information.
   Contact Us

   25. If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy
   policy, please Email customer services or call 0845 640 2020 or write
   to the Legal Department at Home Retail Group plc, 489-499 Avebury
   Boulevard, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK92NW.
   Changes to policy

   26. We may amend and update this policy from time to time. Any changes
   in the future will be posted on this page. The date of the latest
   update to this privacy policy is set out at the top of this policy.

   Last Updated: July 18, 2013

   Welcome! The following are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your
   use of the Ticketmaster sites and applications where this appears
   (collectively, the "Site"). Our Privacy Policy, Purchase Policy, and
   any other policies, rules or guidelines that may be applicable to
   particular offers or features on the Site are also incorporated into
   these Terms. By visiting or using the Site, you expressly agree to
   these Terms, as updated from time to time.

   We may make changes to these Terms at any time. Any changes we make
   will be effective immediately when we post a revised version of these
   Terms on the Site. The "Last Updated" date above will tell you when
   these Terms were last revised. By continuing to use this Site after
   that date, you agree to the changes.

   The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 and no person
   under the age of 13 may use the Site. We strongly encourage all parents
   and guardians to monitor the Internet use by their children. If you use
   the Site, you affirm you are at least 13 years old.
   Account Registration

   You may browse the Site without registering for an account. You will be
   required to register for an account to use certain features of the
   Site, such as purchasing a ticket. Your account username may not
   include the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that
   person, or be offensive, vulgar or obscene. Your account username and
   password are personal to you. You will be responsible for the
   confidentiality and use of your username and password, and for all
   activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your
   account. You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We will
   not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or
   password or the use by anyone else of your username or password. You
   may not use another user's account without that user's permission. You
   will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized
   use of your account or other account-related security breach. We may
   require you to change your username and/or password if we believe your
   account is no longer secure or if we receive a complaint that your
   username violates someone else's rights. You will have no ownership in
   your account or your username. We may refuse registration, cancel an
   account or deny access to the Site for any reason.
   Code of Conduct

   You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and
   regulations, and that you will not:
     * Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site;
     * Use the Site for any unlawful purpose;
     * Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us,
       without our prior written consent;
     * Impersonate any person or entity, whether actual or fictitious,
       including any employee or representative of our company;
     * Submit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent,
       libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our
       or any third party's intellectual property or other rights. (b) any
       non-public information about companies without authorization. or
       (c) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid
       schemes, surveys, contests, investment opportunities or other
       unsolicited commercial communication;
     * Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that
       could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, sexually
       explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, insulting,
       threatening, harassing, hateful or otherwise objectionable,
       includes the image or likeness of individuals under 18 years of
       age, encourages or otherwise depicts or glamorizes drug use
       (including alcohol and cigarettes), characterizes violence as
       acceptable, glamorous or desirable, or contains any personal
       contact information or other personal information identifying any
       third party;
     * Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that
       harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or
       group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity,
       sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability;
     * Engage in spamming or flooding;
     * Harvest or collect information about Site users;
     * Order a number of tickets for an event that exceeds the stated
       limit for that event.
     * Use any password or code to participate in a presale or other offer
       on the Site if you did not receive the password or code from us or
       if you violate the terms of the presale or offer. or
     * Use any area of the Site for commercial purposes, such as to
       conduct sales of tickets, products or services.

   Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License

   The Site and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images,
   artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source
   code, or software that resides or is viewable or otherwise discoverable
   on the Site (collectively, the "Content") is owned by us or our
   licensors. We own a copyright in the Site and Content. We may change
   the Content and features of the Site at any time.

   We grant you a limited, conditional, no-cost, non-exclusive,
   non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to view this Site and its
   Content to purchase tickets as permitted by these Terms for
   non-commercial purposes only if, as a condition precedent, you agree
   that you will not:
     * Submit any software or other materials that contain any viruses,
       worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs or other
       items of a destructive nature;
     * Manipulate identifiers, including by forging headers, in order to
       disguise the origin of any posting that you submit;
     * Link to any portion of the Site other than the URL assigned to the
       home page of our site;
     * "Frame" or "mirror" any part of the Site;
     * Modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, reverse engineer,
       decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site or otherwise
       attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms
       of any part of the Site;
     * Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices
       contained on the Site;
     * Use any robot, spider, offline reader, site search/retrieval
       application or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process
       to retrieve, index, data mine or in any way reproduce or circumvent
       the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its
       contents, including with respect to any CAPTCHA displayed on the
       Site. Operators of public search engines may use spiders to copy
       materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the
       extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices
       of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. We
       may revoke this exception at any time.
     * Use any automated software or computer system to search for,
       reserve, buy or otherwise obtain tickets, tm ticket cash™,
       promotional codes, vouchers, gift cards or any other items
       available on the Site, including sending information from your
       computer to another computer where such software or system is
       active;
     * Take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion)
       an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our
       infrastructure;
     * Access, reload or refresh transactional event or ticketing pages,
       or make any other request to transactional servers, more than once
       during any three-second interval.
     * Request more than 1,000 pages of the Site in any 24-hour period,
       whether alone or with a group of individuals;
     * Make more than 800 reserve requests on the Site in any 24-hour
       period, whether alone or with a group of individuals.
     * Reproduce, modify, display, publicly perform, distribute or create
       derivative works of the Site or the Content;
     * Use the Site or the Content in an attempt to, or in conjunction
       with, any device, program or service designed to circumvent any
       technological measure that effectively controls access to, or the
       rights in, the Site and/or Content in any way including, without
       limitation, by manual or automatic device or process, for any
       purpose.

   This license is expressly conditioned on your preexisting agreement to
   comply with, and your actual compliance with, each of the provisions
   described in this Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License
   section. This license exists only so long as you strictly comply with
   each of the provisions described in this section. Any use of the Site
   or Content by you or anyone acting on your behalf that does not
   strictly comply with each and every provision in this section exceeds
   the scope of the license granted to you herein, constitutes
   unauthorized reproduction, display, or creation of unauthorized
   derivative versions of the Site and Content, and infringes our
   copyrights and other rights in the Site and Content. You will not
   acquire any ownership rights by using the Site or the Content.

   The registered and unregistered trademarks, logos and service marks
   displayed on the Site are owned by us or our licensors. You may not use
   our trademarks, logos and service marks in any way without our prior
   written permission. You may inquire about obtaining permission by
   writing:

   Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
   9348 Civic Center Drive
   Beverly Hills, CA 90210
   Attn: Trademark Department, Legal
   copyrightofficer@livenation.com
   Making Purchases

   Please review our Purchase Policy, which will govern your purchase of
   any tickets or other products through the Site, including any refunds
   or exchanges. We may impose conditions on your use of any coupon,
   promotional code or gift card. You will pay all charges incurred by you
   or any users of your account and credit card (or other applicable
   payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are
   incurred, including any applicable taxes. You may only use credit or
   debit cards, gift cards or vouchers that belong to you or to people who
   expressly authorize you to use such payment methods. You may use tm
   ticket cash™ only in accordance with the Code Terms of Use found at
   Ticketmaster.com/ticketcash. You may not attempt to conceal your
   identity by using multiple Internet Protocol addresses or email
   addresses to conduct transactions on the Site. You will not hold us
   liable if you do not comply with laws related to your transactions. We
   may provide law enforcement with information you provide to us related
   to your transactions to assist in any investigation or prosecution of
   you. If we are unable to verify or authenticate any information or
   tickets you provide during any registration, ordering, purchase, ticket
   posting, sale, authentication, delivery, payment or remittance process,
   or any other process, or if we are no longer able to verify or
   authorize your credit card or bank account information, your tickets
   may be cancelled, we may refuse to honor all pending and future ticket
   purchases made with those credit card or bank accounts and/or via any
   online accounts associated with those credit card or bank accounts. We
   may also prohibit you from using the Site.
   Forums and User Content

   We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds
   and other forums found on the Site (collectively, "Forums"), and you
   may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video
   recordings, photographs, artwork or other materials to the Forums or
   other areas of the Site ("User Content").

   By submitting User Content, you certify that you are at least 18 years
   old, or you are at least 13 years old and have obtained your parent's
   or legal guardian's express consent to submit User Content.

   You own all rights to your User Content. If you submit User Content to
   the Site, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable,
   sublicenseable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce,
   modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform,
   display, archive and commercialize your User Content, in our sole
   discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now known or
   hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to
   you or anyone else. This license will not affect your ownership in your
   User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your
   User Content, except if it conflicts with these Terms. We are not
   obligated to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, or to
   attribute your User Content to you. You will not make or authorize any
   claim against us that our use of your User Content infringes any of
   your rights.

   Statements, opinions and reviews posted by participants in a Forum may
   be inaccurate, offensive, obscene, threatening or harassing. We do not
   endorse and are not responsible for these postings. We will not be
   liable for any loss or harm caused by the posting or your reliance on
   information obtained through the postings.

   You will be responsible for your User Content and the consequences of
   posting it. By submitting User Content, you represent to us that (i)
   you own, or have the necessary permission to submit the User Content
   and to grant the licenses to us under this section, and (ii) you have
   the written permission of every identifiable person in the User Content
   to use that person's name and likeness in the manner contemplated by
   the Site and these Terms or, if the person is a minor, the written
   permission of the minor's parent or legal guardian.

   We will have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the Site,
   the Forums and the User Content, and to disclose any User Content and
   the circumstances surrounding its submission in order to operate the
   Site properly, or to protect ourselves, our sponsors and our users, or
   to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

   If we are notified that your User Content does not comply with these
   Terms, we may investigate the allegation and may decide to remove your
   User Content and cancel your account.
   Claims of Copyright Infringement On The Site

   Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") if you
   believe in good faith that any content on the Site infringes your
   copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be
   removed. The notice must include: (a) your (or your agent's) physical
   or electronic signature. (b) identification of the copyrighted work on
   our Site that is claimed to have been infringed (or a representative
   list if multiple copyrighted works are included in one notification).
   (c) identification of the content that is claimed to be infringing or
   the subject of infringing activity, including information reasonably
   sufficient to allow us to locate the content on the Site. (d) your
   name, address, telephone number and email address (if available). (e) a
   statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in
   the manner complained of is not authorized by you or your agent or the
   law. and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is
   accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is
   authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. If you believe in
   good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly
   filed against you, you may send us a counter-notice. You may read more
   information about the DMCA at http://www.loc.gov/copyright.

   Notices and counter-notices should be sent to Copyright Officer, Live
   Nation Entertainment, Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, CA
   90210, copyrightofficer@livenation.com. There can be penalties for
   false claims under the DMCA. We suggest that you consult your legal
   advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.
   Links

   The Site contains links to other websites that may not be owned or
   operated by us. The fact that we may link to those websites does not
   indicate any approval or endorsement of those websites. We have no
   control over those websites. We are not responsible for the content of
   those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites. We strongly
   encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of
   any linked website. Your use of other websites is at your own risk and
   is subject to the terms of those websites. It is up to you to take
   precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you
   download (whether from the Site or other sites) is free of viruses,
   worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs and other items
   of a destructive nature.
   Parental Controls

   We cannot prohibit minors from visiting our Site, and must rely on
   parents and guardians to decide what materials are appropriate for
   children to view and purchase. There are parental control protections
   (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) available
   that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to
   minors. You can find information about parental controls at
   http://onguardonline.gov and http://kids.getnetwise.org. We do not
   endorse the products or services listed at these websites.
   Access from Outside the United States

   The Site is directed to people residing in the United States. We do not
   represent that Content available on or through the Site is appropriate
   or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of the
   Site or any service or product described on the Site to any person or
   geographic area at any time. If you choose to access the Site from
   outside the United States, you do so at your own risk.
   Rules for Sweepstakes, Contests and Games

   In addition to these Terms, sweepstakes, contests, games or other
   promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site
   may have specific rules that are different from these Terms. By
   participating in a Promotion, you will become subject to those rules.
   We urge you to review the rules before you participate in a Promotion.
   Promotion rules will control over any conflict with these Terms.
   Mobile Messaging

   We offer browsing and mobile messaging services which may include
   alerts, sweepstakes and offers for products. Mobile messaging is
   provided by Mozes, Inc. You may choose to receive mobile alerts by
   signing up or participating in a Promotion. If you do, you will also be
   subject to the Mozes terms of service located at
   http://www.mozes.com/product/terms-of-service. You may receive up to 5
   messages per month.

   Message and data rates may apply, according to your rate plan provided
   by your wireless carrier. We will not be responsible for any text
   messaging or other wireless charges incurred by you or by a person who
   has access to your wireless device or telephone number. You may not
   receive our alerts if your carrier does not permit text alerts. Your
   carrier may not allow you to use pre-paid phones or calling plans to
   receive alerts. We may send you a bounce back message for every message
   you send to us. Service may not be compatible with all wireless
   carriers or devices.

   You may opt out of any alerts by replying with the text message "STOP"
   or by sending the text message "STOP" to the shortcode provided. You
   may also opt out of receiving text messages from us by sending the text
   message "STOP" to 842538. If you opt out by sending us a text message,
   we will send you a text to confirm your request. If you do not want to
   receive a confirmation text message, you may opt out by email or phone
   at the address or phone number listed at the end of this paragraph. It
   may take us up to 10 days to remove your mobile device number from our
   database. For additional help, text "HELP" to 842538, email
   support@mozes.com or call 888-281-7542.

   We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information displayed in
   our mobile messaging, for any misdelivery or untimely delivery of any
   mobile messaging, or your deletion or failure to store any mobile
   messaging from us.
   Mobile Device Application

   If you install or use our mobile application, software and services,
   including any accompanying documentation (collectively, "App"), we
   grant you a limited right to install and use the App on a single
   authorized device located in the United States and its territories or
   in another country where we may offer the App. You may use the App for
   your personal, non-commercial and entertainment purposes only. You
   agree to also comply with Apple's App Store Terms of Service, which you
   can find at http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#SERVICE. We
   do not grant you any rights to any related documentation, support,
   upgrades, maintenance or other enhancements to the App. We will not
   provide you with any device, internet access or wireless connection to
   use the App. We are not responsible for any interaction between you and
   another App user, or information you transmit through the App
   (including your location).
   Violation of these Terms

   We may investigate any violation of these Terms, including unauthorized
   use of the Site. We may take legal action that we feel is appropriate.
   You agree that monetary damages may not provide us a sufficient remedy
   and that we may pursue injunctive or other relief for your violation of
   these Terms. If we determine that you have violated these Terms or the
   law, or for any other reason or for no reason, we may cancel your
   account, delete all your User Content and prevent you from accessing
   the Site at any time without notice to you. If that happens, you may no
   longer use the Site or any Content. You will still be bound by your
   obligations under these Terms. You agree that we will not be liable to
   you or any third party for termination of your access to the Site or to
   your account or any related information, and we will not be required to
   make the Site or your account or any related information available to
   you. We may also cancel any ticket or merchandise order, and tickets or
   merchandise acquired through your order. We may refuse to honor pending
   and future purchases made from all accounts we believe may be
   associated with you, or cancel a ticket or ticket order associated with
   any person we believe to be acting with you, or cancel your ticket
   postings, or exercise any other remedy available to us.

   You agree that your abusive use of the Site may cause damage and harm
   to us, including impaired goodwill, lost sales and increased expenses.
   You also agree that monetary damages for your abusive use of the Site
   are difficult to determine and that if you, or others acting with you,
   request more than 1,000 pages of the Site or make more than 800 reserve
   requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, you, and those acting with
   you, will be jointly and severally liable for liquidated damages in the
   amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) for each page request or reserve
   request made during that 24-hour period which exceeds those limits.
   Disclaimer of Warranties

   WE PROVIDE THE SITE AND THE CONTENT TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE".
   WE TRY TO KEEP THE SITE UP, BUG-FREE AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR
   OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL
   WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
   PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE
   OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE
   WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS
   FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE ARE NOT
   RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU
   RELEASE US FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT
   OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH
   THIRD PARTIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
   WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU
   ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH
   SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR
   DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF
   EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE
   MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.
   Limitation of Liability

   IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR EVENT PROVIDERS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS AND
   SPONSORS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR, AND YOU
   HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO SEEK, DIRECT,
   INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE
   OTHER THAN OUT OF POCKET EXPENSES, AND ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES
   MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
   THE SITE, THE CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE
   SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES,
   AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON ANY CONTRACT, TORT,
   OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU
   EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR
   RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (a) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER OF THE
   SITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODES OF CONDUCT, (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR
   PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT
   OR IN TORT, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE, (c) ANY
   UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL
   PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (d)
   ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME
   BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED
   TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE, (e) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR
   OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR (f) ANY LOST, STOLEN OR DAMAGED TICKETS,
   OR THE FAILURE OF A VENUE TO HONOR A TICKET. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
   REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE
   LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS
   OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US IS AN
   ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. OUR AGGREGATE
   LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF THE SITE WILL NOT
   EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE
   PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
   EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF DAMAGES, SO THESE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN
   SUCH CASES, OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
   PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT WILL ATTORNEYS' FEES BE
   AWARDED OR RECOVERABLE.
   Indemnification

   If anyone brings a claim against us related to your use of the Site,
   your User Content or your violation of these Terms, you agree to
   indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliated companies, event
   providers, suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and each of our
   officers, directors, employees, and agents, harmless from and against
   any and all claims, damages, losses and expenses of any kind (including
   reasonable legal fees and costs). We reserve the right to take
   exclusive control and defense of any claim, and you will cooperate
   fully with us in asserting any available defenses.
   Disputes, Including Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver

   Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of the Site, or to
   products or services sold or distributed by us or through us, will be
   resolved by binding arbitration rather than in court, with the
   following exceptions:
     * You may assert claims in small claims court if your claims apply;
     * If a claim involves the conditional license granted to you as
       described in the Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional
       License section above, either of us may file a lawsuit in a federal
       or state court located within Los Angeles County, California, and
       we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such
       purposes. and
     * In the event that the arbitration agreement in these Terms is for
       any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against us
       (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in a
       federal or state court located within Los Angeles County,
       California, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts
       for such purposes.

   The arbitration agreement in these Terms is governed by the Federal
   Arbitration Act, including its procedural provisions. It is intended to
   be broadly interpreted, and will survive termination of these Terms.
   The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency,
   shall have exclusive authority to the extent permitted by law to
   resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation,
   applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement,
   including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this
   Agreement is void or voidable. There is no judge or jury in
   arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
   However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same
   damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory
   relief or statutory damages), and must follow these Terms as a court
   would.

   To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting
   arbitration and describing your claim to: Live Nation Entertainment,
   Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, Attn: Legal.
   You may download the forms located at
   http://www.jamsadr.com/files/Uploads/Documents/JAMS_Arbitration_Demand.
   doc. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS under its Streamlined
   Arbitration Rules and Procedures or, if applicable, its Comprehensive
   Arbitration Rules and Procedures, and any applicable supplemental rules
   including its Consumer Arbitration Standards of Minimum Fairness. The
   JAMS Rules are available online at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-clauses
   or by calling 1-800-352-5267. Payment of all filing, administration and
   arbitrator fees will be governed by JAMS's rules. We will reimburse
   those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator
   determines the claims are frivolous, but in no event will we pay for
   attorneys' fees. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by
   telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county
   where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

   We each agree that the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one
   person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a
   representative or class proceeding, and that any dispute resolution
   proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a
   class, consolidated or representative action. You agree to waive any
   right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action. If this
   specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of
   this arbitration section will be null and void and neither of us will
   be entitled to arbitrate our dispute.

   You agree that these Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate
   commerce and will be governed by and construed in accordance with
   federal law to the fullest extent possible. However, if your dispute is
   regarding the re-sale of a ticket made through TicketExchange for any
   event located in Illinois, then these Terms will be governed and
   construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois, without regard to
   conflict or choice of law rules, and you consent to personal
   jurisdiction, and agree to bring all actions, exclusively in Chicago,
   Illinois. If you have an inquiry regarding a ticket re-sale transaction
   made through TicketExchange for any event located in Illinois, please
   contact us at 550 W. Van Buren Street, 13th Floor, Chicago, Illinois
   60607 or (877) 446-9450 or ticketexchange@ticketmaster.com.
   No Reliance and Forward-Looking Statements

   The information contained on the Site may not be current and should not
   be used or relied on for any investment decision regarding our
   securities or for any similar purpose. We file annual, quarterly and
   current reports, proxy statements and other information with the United
   States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Copies of our
   filings are available at the Investor Relations section of this Site
   and also at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

   Statements on the Site regarding our financial condition, results of
   operations and business and our expectations or beliefs concerning
   future events that are not historical facts are "Forward-Looking
   Statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
   Reform Act of 1995. Use of the words "believes," "expects,"
   "anticipates," "plans," "estimates" or words of similar meaning is
   intended to identify Forward-Looking Statements but is not the
   exclusive means of identifying such statements. We caution you that
   there are some known and unknown factors that could cause actual
   results to differ materially from any future results, performance or
   achievements expressed or implied by such Forward-Looking Statements,
   including but not limited to economic, competitive, governmental and
   technological factors affecting our operations, markets, products,
   services and prices, as well as the risks and uncertainties set forth
   in the documents we file with the SEC, specifically the section titled
   "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
   and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We
   do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any
   Forward-Looking Statements because of new information, future events or
   otherwise.
   Questions

   If you have any questions, comments or complaints regarding these Terms
   or the Site, please contact us at:

   Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
   9348 Civic Center Drive
   Beverly Hills, CA 90210
   (800) 653-8000
   Email

   California users may also contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the
   Division of Consumer Services, California Department of Consumer
   Affairs, located at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834,
   (800) 952-5210.

   © 2012 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved.

   Effective July 20, 2012 (last updated October 08, 2013)
   This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears.

   This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both
   online and offline. This includes on our websites or in our apps. It
   also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you
   have with us. If you live in Canada, please read our Canadian Privacy
   Policy.
   We collect information from and about you.

   Contact information. For example, we might collect your name and street
   address. We might also collect your phone number or email.

   Payment and billing information. For example, we collect your credit
   card number and zip code when you buy a ticket.

   Information you post. For example, we collect information you post in a
   public space on our website or on a third-party social media site.

   Demographic information. We may collect information about events you
   like or products you buy. We might collect this as part of a survey,
   for example.

   Other information. If you use our website, we may collect information
   about the browser you're using. We might look at what site you came
   from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our mobile
   app, we may collect your GPS location or your device's unique
   identifier. We might also collect the type of mobile device you are
   using, or the version of the operating system your computer or device
   is running. We might look at how often you use the app and where you
   downloaded it.
   We collect information in different ways.

   We collect information directly from you. For example, if you register
   for a promotion or buy tickets. We also collect information if you post
   a comment on our websites or ask us a question.

   We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like
   browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to
   control them, please click here.

   We get information about you from third parties. For example, if you
   use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile
   applications. The third-party social media site will give us certain
   information about you. This could include your name and email address.
   Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media
   platforms.
   We use information as disclosed and described here.

   We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For
   example, we might use your information to confirm your registration for
   an event or contest. If you give us your friend's information, we will
   only use it to provide services you requested.

   We use information to improve our products and services. We might use
   your information to customize your experience with us. This could
   include displaying content based upon your preferences.

   We use information to look at site trends and customer interests. We
   may use your information to make our website and products better. We
   may combine information we get from you with information about you we
   get from third parties.

   We use information for security purposes. We may use information to
   protect our company, our customers, or our websites.

   We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send
   you information about special promotions or offers. We might also tell
   you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or
   products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find
   interesting. Or, for example, if you buy tickets from us we'll enroll
   you in our newsletter. We may use push notifications and your location
   information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local
   events. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the
   choices section below.

   We use information to send you transactional communications. For
   example, we might send you emails about your account or a ticket
   purchase. We might also contact you about this policy or our website
   terms.

   We use information as otherwise permitted by law.
   We may share information with third parties.

   We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies.
   This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues,
   for example.

   We will share information with third parties who perform services on
   our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us
   manage our online registration process or who fulfill your purchases.
   Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.

   We will share information with our business partners. This includes a
   third party who provides or sponsors an event, or who operates a venue
   where we hold events. Our partners use the information we give them as
   described in their privacy policies. You should read those polices to
   learn how they treat your information.

   We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with
   the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information
   to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share it if a
   government agency or investigatory body requests. Or, we might also
   share information when we are investigating potential fraud. This might
   include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion.

   We may share information with any successor to all or part of our
   business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our
   customer list as part of that transaction.

   We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy.
   We will tell you before we do this.
   You have certain choices about how we use your information.

   You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving
   our promotional emails, click here or follow the instructions in any
   promotional message you get from us. Your device settings should
   provide you with instructions on how to turn off push notifications. It
   may take about ten days to process your request. Don't worry! Even if
   you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still be sure to
   send you transactional messages. For example, we may still contact you
   about your orders.

   You can modify information you have given us. To correct or delete
   information or update account settings, log into your account and
   follow the instructions. We make changes as soon as we can. This
   information may stay in our backup files. If we cannot make the changes
   you want, we will let you know and explain why. If you contact us
   requesting access to your information, we will respond within 30 days.

   You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how
   we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, please
   click here.

   You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn
   off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone. Each push
   notification has an "unsubscribe" link.
   Your California Privacy Rights.

   If you live in California and have an established business relationship
   with us, you can request a list of the personal information we have
   shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also
   give you a list of the third parties that have received your
   information. You can make a request one time each year.

   To exercise your rights, you can email us or write to us at the address
   below. Mention in your letter that you are making a "California Shine
   the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.
   These sites and apps are not intended for children.

   Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect
   personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are
   a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us
   information, you can email us here. You can also write to us at the
   address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries
   "COPPA Information Request."

   Parents, you can also learn more about how to protect children's
   privacy online here.
   We use standard security measures.

   We have security measures in place to protect your information. The
   standard security measures we use will depend on the type of
   information collected. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We
   cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We
   encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not
   sharing your passwords. If you think that an unauthorized account has
   been created using your name, contact us at the address below.
   We are TRUSTe certified.

   TRUSTe has awarded Live Nation the TRUSTe's Privacy Seal. This means
   TRUSTe independently reviewed this Policy and the practices on Live
   Nation and Ticketmaster sites and apps to make sure they meet TRUSTE's
   requirements. The seal applies to our practices for information
   collected on U.S., UK, Ireland sites and apps.

   We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for
   our business. We also keep information to resolve disputes, enforce our
   agreements and as otherwise required by law.
   We store information both in and outside of the United States.

   If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that
   we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is
   subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection
   of those in your country.

   Live Nation complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set
   forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use
   and retention of personal information from European Union member
   countries. Live Nation has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor
   Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data
   integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor
   program, and to view Live Nation's certification, please visit
   http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.
   We may link to third party sites or services we don't control.

   If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do
   not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of
   those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We
   are not responsible for these third party sites.
   Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.

   If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns,
   you can email us at privacy@livenation.com. Please do not include your
   credit card number or other sensitive information in your email. You
   can also write us at:

   Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
   9348 Civic Center Drive
   Beverly Hills, CA 90210
   Attention: Privacy Officer, Legal

   If you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact TRUSTe
   here.
   What we will do if there is an update to this policy.

   From time to time we may change our privacy practices. We will notify
   you of any material changes to this policy as required by law. We will
   also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site
   periodically for updates.

   © 2013 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved.

   PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino Privacy
   Policy

   Last Updated: Sept 25, 2014

   At Publishers Clearing House (operator of PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino) we take your privacy seriously, which is
   why we developed this privacy policy to explain our online information
   collection and use practices

   This Privacy Policy applies to the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino sites (including mobile optimized websites)
   and is provided to explain the online information collection and use
   practices of these websites. Unless otherwise noted, the information
   and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to
   online transactions at PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and
   PCHCasino and do not apply to the offline privacy, data collection and
   data transfer policies of PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack,
   and PCHCasino.

   At Publishers Clearing House (operator of PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino) we take your privacy seriously, which is
   why we developed this privacy policy to explain our online information
   collection and use practices. Unless otherwise noted, the information
   and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to
   online transactions and do not apply to the off line privacy, data
   collection and data transfer policies of PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino.

   PCHbingo, PCHlotto and PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino are
   participants in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program. TRUSTe is an
   independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust
   in the networked world. As the web sites,www.pchbingo.com,
   www.PCHlotto.com, www.PCHslots.com, blackjack.pch.com, and
   casino.pch.com want to demonstrate their commitment to your privacy,
   they have agreed to disclose their information practices and have their
   privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe. If you have
   questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact
   us at This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need
   JavaScript enabled to view it. This e-mail address is being protected
   from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . If you do not
   receive acknowledgment of your inquiry, or if your inquiry has not been
   satisfactorily addressed, you may contact TRUSTe at
   http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint&url==www.pchlotto.com
   . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with these web sites to resolve
   your concerns. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is
   collected through these web sites, and does not cover information that
   may be collected through software downloaded from these sites.

   PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino may
   occasionally change the features and content found on their sites.
   Consequently, our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any
   revisions to the sites. We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from
   time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices.
   We do not ask for, access or track any location based information from
   your mobile device at any time while using our mobile optimized
   websites.

   Changes to the Privacy Policy

   By using this Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your
   information as outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Use. We may
   decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make
   material changes to our policy, we will post a prominent notice on the
   home page of the Web site so that you are always aware of the
   information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we
   disclose it. Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so
   that you will be apprised of any changes.

   ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY

   By completing and submitting a registration and/or entry format at
   PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino, you signify
   your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms
   of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the PCHbingo, PCHlotto,
   PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino sites. We reserve the right, at
   our discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this
   Privacy Policy. You should check this page periodically for any changes
   and to insure you are familiar with our current practices. This policy
   and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the
   laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user.
   This Privacy Policy was last updated in August 2014.

   1. Why do PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino
   collect personal information?

   PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino collect
   certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and
   fulfill online entries. For example, we need your full name, postal and
   email address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you
   if you have won and notify you about any updates or changes to our
   sites. We may also use the personal data we collect for systems
   administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to report aggregate
   information to our marketing partners and others.

   For each day that you play, we will send you an email confirmation with
   the number of bonus Diamonds earned and/or of the numbers you have
   chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or your Jackpot ball progress and the
   nightly drawing card you may submit at PCHbingo. We may utilize the
   services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such
   information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we
   may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
   We may forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or
   third parties necessary for the fulfilment of any prize you may win.
   These service providers are prohibited from using your personally
   identifiable information for any other purpose including their own
   marketing.

   To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web
   experience, we may collect and use personal data to identify users'
   specific interests and needs. If given permission, we may notify our
   users by email of special contests, announcements and offers we feel
   may be of interest to them that are available from PCHbingo, PCHlotto,
   PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino and/or our marketing partners who
   send information on our behalf. Users may unsubscribe from such future
   offers by clicking to remove the check in the permission notice box
   before submitting the registration and entry form. You may also
   unsubscribe from such offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link
   in such emails, by clicking on the “Contact
   PCHbingo/PCHlotto/PCHslots/PCHBlackjack/PCHCasino” link or by writing
   directly to us care of: Consumer &. Privacy Affairs, 382 Channel Drive,
   Port Washington, New York, 11050.

   From time to time, we may post customer testimonials on our web sites
   which may contain personally identifiable information such as the
   customer's name. If the testimonial contains personally identifiable
   information, we do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting these
   testimonials.

   If your personal information changes, you may correct or update it by
   clicking or tapping on the ‘My Account’ link on our sites. If you would
   like to delete specific information or your account, you may ask to
   have it removed from a public forum, or testimonial on our website by
   utilizing our online Customer Support tool
   http://pch.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/174 or by contacting us
   by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We
   will respond to your request to access within 30 days.

   2. How and what information oes PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino gather or track?

   We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial
   registration process for PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack,
   and PCHCasino. Such information is collected to process and fulfill
   online entries. For example, we need your full name, postal and email
   address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack,
   and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you if you have
   won, and notify you about any updates or changes to our site. We will
   also send you an email confirmation each day of the numbers you have
   chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or the number of Diamonds earned at
   PCHslots. We will also send you an email confirmation each day that you
   play, of the numbers you submitted for the Last Chance Drawing and the
   current number of Jackpot balls you possess and when they expire. We
   may also forward personally identifiable information to select vendors
   or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may
   win. We may utilize the services of service providers and
   subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for
   administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to
   maintain service and improve the user experience. We may also request
   additional information about the offers and services on our sites. We
   gather this data in order to better understand our users' interests and
   provide them with relevant offers and information.

   We may collect Information about your mobile device such as Device ID,
   Operating System Version, Browser Type, Service Provider, Mobile Device
   Model, Screen Resolution, Language, Country, City, and Mobile Input
   Selector (touch screen, etc.) to service you the correct version of the
   website on your device.

   Through the use of "cookies" and "pixel tags" (both described below)
   and online and registration forms, we may collect personal data on,
   among other things, the following information:

   Demographic

   Technical

   Reference

   Age
   Gender
   Income level

   IP address
   Domain name
   e-mail address
   Site traffic

   Name
   Postal address
   Telephone number
   Password

   3. What are Cookies?

   "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your web
   browser software on your computer's hard drive or temporarily in your
   computer's memory. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and
   users will find them on most major web sites. PCHbingo, PCHlotto,
   PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino place and store Internet cookies
   on a user's hard drive. Cookies can save any type of information noted
   above. Cookies enable us to recognize you and personalize your viewing
   experience on our sites. For example, we use cookies to recognize user
   access privileges, track site usage and traffic patterns, add
   advertisements for goods or services that we think may interest you,
   and estimate our audience size. We also use cookies to store user names
   and information that are supplied at registration. Although most web
   browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can decline the
   placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate
   feature(s) of your web browser software (if available) to delete the
   cookie. Please note, however, that certain areas on the sites will not
   function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies.

   As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information
   automatically and store it in log files. This information includes
   internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service
   provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time
   stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not
   identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the sites,
   to track users movements around the sites and to gather demographic
   information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this
   automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.

   We utilize software from several third party companies that places
   tracking technologies on our web sites. We have control over these
   third party cookies and javascript tags which we use to analyze the
   data they generate, in aggregate. Some of the reasons for collecting
   this data is to determine the most popular offers on our sites, the
   most popular areas for users to click on a screen with many buttons to
   click, etc. We also use one of these services to estimate broad
   demographic patterns for our users in order to present our site
   audience as a whole to advertisers.

   When you register with PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and
   PCHCasino, we may share your name and information with third parties
   who may contact you by mail with relevant offers. If you wish to opt
   out of such exchanges you may click here.

   4. Targeted or Behavioral Advertising:

   Targeted advertising (also known as Behavioral Advertising) uses
   information collected about an individual’s web browsing behavior such
   as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made. This
   information is then used to select which advertisement should be
   displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.com.
   For example, if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting
   pch.com, you may be served an advertisement from pch.com for cooking
   related products when you visit a site other than pch.com. The
   information collected is linked to an anonymous cookie ID (random
   alphanumeric number). it does not include any information that could be
   linked back to a particular person, such as name, address or credit
   card number. The information used for targeted advertising either comes
   from pch.com or through third party website publishers. If you would
   like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.com that occurs when
   visiting our third party advertising publishers, please click here.
   Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from Publishers
   Clearing House and any other participating advertisers. If you opt out,
   you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers
   Clearing House. however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.

   When you use AdChoices to bookmark and share our products and site, you
   will be taken to a third party site. Please note that their privacy
   policy governs the collection and use of the information collected on
   those sites.

   You may use the AdChoices widget to tell your friends about the site,
   you will need to provide your friends email address to tell them about
   the site. PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino
   have no access to this third party information, please read AdChoices’
   privacy policy to learn more about their privacy practices.

   5. Do PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino
   disclose user information to third parties?

   PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino disclose user
   information in aggregate form to marketing partners. For example, we
   might tell a marketing partner how many users visited our sites over a
   period of time, but we will never tell them who it was that saw or
   clicked on their offer, unless that user has given us permission to do
   so.

   We forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or
   third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
   We utilize the services of and disclose user information to our service
   providers and subcontractors for purposes of collecting information on
   our behalf and for administrative and other purposes that we may deem
   necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience. Unless
   otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection,
   we will not share personally identifiable information with marketing
   partners.

   Visitors who do not want to hear about PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino opportunities may follow the simple
   unsubscribe procedure of removing the check mark located at the
   permission notice box appearing on each site's registration and/or
   entry page. If an opt out is not submitted, we may notify users by
   email about special opportunities, drawings, contests, and events. In
   the event of a merger, acquisition, or change of control, customer data
   would be considered a business asset and may be transferred. We will
   disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for
   example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We may also
   disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the
   safety and security of our users.

   6. Can I opt-out of PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and
   PCHCasino data collection and/or distribution?

   Receiving email messages is optional. As noted earlier, the collection,
   use, and distribution of personal data helps us create a more
   personalized, relevant, and intelligent web service for our users. Our
   sites will not contact you with email offers and announcements from us
   or from select marketing partners if you follow the simple opt-out
   procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice
   box appearing on the sites registration and/or entry pages. To update
   your password or update, correct, or delete registration information,
   please go to MY ACCOUNT.

   If you are already receiving emails and no longer wish to receive such
   communications, simply follow the "unsubscribe" instructions that
   appear in the e-mail, or click on the "Contact
   PCHbingo,PCHlotto/PCHslots,PCHBlackjack,PCHCasino" link or write
   directly to us care of: Consumer &. Privacy Affairs, 382 Channel Drive,
   Port Washington, New York, 11050. Please note that we will confirm each
   entry into PCHlotto with an email summary of the number you have
   selected and each entry into PCHbingo with an email summary of the
   numbers you have selected.

   If you have provided personal information directly to our third party
   marketing partners and are receiving email communications directly from
   these third parties, PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and
   PCHCasino cannot, in most instances, unsubscribe users from these third
   parties. If you wish to unsubscribe from one of our marketing partner's
   e-mail programs, please follow their unsubscribe procedures which will
   be found within their e-mails or in their privacy policy.

   7. What about external web sites?

   To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating
   hyperlinks are utilized on our Sites to access third party sites, users
   should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by
   PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino and,
   therefore, are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that
   users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how
   their personal information will be utilized.

   8. What do PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino do
   to keep their sites secure?

   We have implemented a number of security features throughout our sites
   that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to
   the user information we collect online. For example, database
   information is firewall protected. Also, only authorized personnel and
   approved service providers have access to any stored personal
   information we collect from our users. While we strive to create secure
   and reliable sites for our users, the confidentiality of any
   communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100%
   guaranteed. Users should keep in mind that any information submitted
   through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the
   public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without
   their consent. PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and
   PCHCasino are not responsible or liable for illegal interception of
   personal data via any Internet transaction.

   9. Does PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino
   collect information from users outside of the United States?

   Our sites are not directed to visitors residing outside of the United
   States and such users are not eligible to submit online sweepstakes
   entries. If we become aware that a user who does not reside in the
   United States has registered with the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots,
   PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino sites, we will use reasonable efforts to
   remove such information from our files.

   10. Your California Privacy Rights:

   As stated in this Privacy Policy we do not share information with third
   parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively
   agree to such disclosure. Please note that if you opt-in to receive
   future communications from a third party, your information will be
   subject to that third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that
   you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need
   to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how
   third parties use information. You should always review the privacy
   policy of any party that collects your information to determine how
   that entity will handle your information. If you do not want your name
   passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing
   offers do not complete the consent found on the offer page. You can
   also contact us at any time with questions or your request to
   unsubscribe by clicking on the "Contact
   PCHbingo/PCHlotto/PCHslots/PCHBlackjack/PCHCasino" link or by writing
   directly to us care of: Consumer &. Privacy Affairs, 382 Channel Drive,
   Port Washington, New York, 11050 and we will be pleased to respect your
   wishes.

   11. Further Questions?

   We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this
   privacy policy and our information sharing practices. To contact us,
   please click on the “Contact
   PCHbingo/PCHlotto/PCHslots/PCHBlackJack/PCHCasino" link or write
   directly to us at Consumer &. Privacy Affairs, 382 Channel Drive, Port
   Washington, New York, 11050. Or you may visit our online customer
   support tool at http://pch.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/174.
   Home >. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to us

   United Airlines is committed to protecting the privacy and personal
   data it receives from customers. We want you to know that when you use
   one of the United family Internet websites, and when you provide us
   with information offline, the privacy of your personally identifiable
   information will be respected and protected. While United strives to
   take reasonable measures to protect the privacy of our customers, this
   Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights
   or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting the
   information you provide to us.

   With respect to online transactions, this Privacy Policy applies to
   transactions conducted within the United States on united.com and any
   other website within the United ("United") family. However, this policy
   does not apply to United Cargo transactions, including, but not limited
   to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com. For the privacy policies of
   websites outside of the United family, like United Vacations, Orbitz,
   Travelocity, or Expedia, please see their websites for the policies
   that apply.
   What information do we collect?

   United collects and maintains personally identifiable information about
   customers through our websites and through offline transactions such as
   over the telephone, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or
   other travel agent, and in person at United counters or at United Club
   locations. Personally identifiable information includes, but is not
   limited to, your name, address, passport number, credit card numbers,
   phone numbers, and email addresses. In addition, when you use our
   websites, certain user information and site activity data is collected.
   Further details on the information we collect is described below.
   MileagePlus® information

   When you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus
   member, we collect specific information such as your name, address,
   phone numbers, email addresses, MileagePlus number, password and a
   password reminder.
   Traveler profile information

   When you enroll in MileagePlus or activate your MileagePlus account, an
   optional traveler profile can be created for your convenience. You are
   not required to complete a profile to use our websites for your
   reservations. In order to complete your traveler profile, the following
   information may be requested: credit card type, number, expiration date
   and billing address, telephone numbers, email addresses, general
   requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program
   information.
   Online purchases

   It is not required that you be a MileagePlus member, activate your
   MileagePlus account on one of our websites, or complete a traveler
   profile in order to make reservations on one of our websites. However,
   MileagePlus membership and a traveler profile will allow you to
   complete a reservation more quickly and give you online access to your
   MileagePlus account information, past transactions and special
   services. If you purchase as a guest, information such as billing,
   contact and preferences will be collected in order to execute the
   transaction.
   Promotions

   We occasionally sponsor promotions to give members the opportunity to
   win various prizes. Information collected for promotions can include
   contact information, such as email address, and survey questions.
   Cookies and other tracking technologies

   By using one of our websites, some information may automatically be
   collected by our Web servers as you browse our site. United and our
   third-party service providers also collect information by using
   technologies and methodologies that enable tracking, such as "cookies",
   Web beacons and ad tags.

   Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your computer
   by your Web browser. Web beacons (also called "pixel tags") are small
   strings of code placed on a Web page or in an email message for the
   purpose of transferring information. Cookies help establish a user
   session and allow our server to correctly provide site users with the
   appropriate information, advertisements and services. Additional
   information about the use of these technologies is described below.
   Domain names

   In general, you can visit most parts of our websites without telling us
   who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our Web
   servers identify the domain names and IP addresses of visitors, where
   applicable. An "Internet Protocol Address" or "IP Address" is a number
   that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the
   Internet.
   Offline purchases: reservations by telephone, travel agent or ticket
   counter

   In order to book your reservation with a United Customer Contact Center
   agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of the
   United family), or a customer service representative (collectively,
   "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as credit
   card numbers, passport numbers, birth date, name, addresses, email
   addresses and telephone numbers. Telephone calls to Reservations Agents
   may be monitored and/or recorded and by continuing with the call, you
   are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.
   United Club^SM

   United may collect personally identifiable information such as name,
   addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers and credit card numbers,
   in order to provide service to its United Club members.
   In flight

   If a medical or other emergency occurs while on board, boarding, or
   disembarking a United aircraft, United may share customer information
   with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary.
   Additionally, United may collect credit card and MileagePlus
   information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.
   Children

   Due to the nature of our services, travel purchase
   information–including personal information–may be collected by United
   from children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal
   aviation or security regulations or for safety or security reasons, or
   as otherwise necessary for United to provide services. We may retain
   personal information when necessary to provide transportation to a
   child under 13. United does not knowingly collect personally
   identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 other
   than when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security
   regulations or for safety and security reasons. In addition, if you
   learn that your child has provided us with personal information online
   without your knowledge, you may contact us by sending an email to
   web-mpi@united.com, or by calling 1-800-421-4655 and ask us to delete
   this information from our records. This will unsubscribe the child from
   any marketing or promotional opportunities.
   United´s personal device entertainment service

   If you use this service, we may collect information about you, which
   includes, but is not limited to, name, credit card, etc.

   We will also collect the "Media Access Control Address" or "MAC
   Address" of the personal electronic device that you are using to access
   United´s personal device entertainment service. The MAC Address is an
   identifier attached to a network adapter, such as your Wi-Fi card,
   device or component. We assign your computer or device a dynamic IP
   Address that varies from session to session when you use United´s
   personal device entertainment service. We may associate your MAC
   Address and IP Address with your personally identifiable information or
   other information such as entertainment choices.

   You will have the option to provide feedback on your experience with
   the service´s feedback feature. Your participation is completely
   voluntary and any information you provide may be used by United for
   troubleshooting or improving our services. Information you provide when
   using this service is subject to the provisions of this Policy.
   How do we use your information?

   United uses personal information collected in conjunction with
   registration or purchases on our websites and offline purchases and
   transactions to complete transactions and fulfill requests for
   services. We also use your personal information to provide you with a
   more effective customer experience. In order to do this, United may
   process your information or combine it with other information that we
   have about you or that is publicly available. In addition, United may
   share this information with third parties for the purpose of providing
   you with services, information or promotional opportunities that may be
   of interest to you from United and such third parties and for
   advertising products and services on third-party sites.

   Aggregate information such as demographic information, domain names,
   other site traffic information, etc., may at times be shared with
   United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate
   information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets. X% of
   subscribers use a mobile application, etc. Aggregate information does
   not include personally identifiable information.
   Information collected during transactions

   We provide information collected from you to airlines, car rental
   agencies, hotels, travel agencies or other contracted third parties to
   facilitate the successful fulfillment of your travel arrangements or
   for the specific purpose for which you provided the information. As an
   added service, subject to your opting out as described below, your
   purchase behavior may also be analyzed to identify and present custom
   offers that may be of interest to you.
   MileagePlus

   Information collected from MileagePlus members is used to enroll you in
   MileagePlus and ensure that you receive applicable mileage credit for
   travel purchases for participating flights and other MileagePlus
   participating vendor (partner) activities. This information is also
   used to communicate with you on your MileagePlus account status and
   notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible.
   On occasion, we may provide customer mailing list and email addresses
   to reputable, carefully screened MileagePlus partners or other
   companies whose services or products may be of interest to you. (You
   may unsubscribe by opting out, as described below.) Sharing of customer
   lists may also provide you with the opportunity to earn bonus miles for
   non-flight activity. As indicated, we require strict contractual
   obligations from these third parties to ensure safeguards for the
   privacy and security of the information that are at least as
   restrictive as this Privacy Policy in handling your information.
   Traveler profile information

   We use traveler profile information to perform a number of functions
   including 1) pre-filling certain data fields to eliminate you from
   having to type the same information multiple times. 2) performing
   certain booking functions. 3) billing you for your reservation. 4)
   sending you offers that may be of value unless you opt out, as
   described below. and 5) notifying you of a flight change, reservation
   confirmation or a special fare offering.
   Emails

   We use email addresses to provide information or promotional
   opportunities that may be of interest to you from United or third
   parties and to deliver information relevant to our customers, such as
   fare specials, reservation confirmations, surveys, account information,
   and notification services, and for administrative reasons. As a
   MileagePlus member, a registered user of one of our websites, or a
   contest entrant, you occasionally will receive emails about fare sales,
   special offers, new services and other noteworthy news items. We hope
   you will find these updates interesting and informative. Of course, if
   you would rather not receive this information, you may opt out of
   receiving such emails as described below.
   Online surveys and promotions

   We value the opinions of our customers and want to improve your travel
   experience and our service offerings. therefore, from time to time, we
   will conduct research surveys. We may also contract with third parties
   to perform the research, but the use of the customer data by that third
   party is limited solely to that survey initiative and is protected by a
   confidentiality agreement.

   Generally, unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, contact
   information collected for promotions is used to notify promotion
   winners, and survey information and results are used to develop
   improved promotions and other service enhancements.
   Flight status alerts/wireless services

   Our customers can register for flight status notifications and other
   wireless services by providing basic flight information and other
   relevant information. Wherever possible, information already provided
   will be used for the delivery of these services. Participation in
   flight status notifications and other wireless services is optional.
   Cookies and other tracking technologies

   United and its third-party service providers, including ad networks,
   use cookies, pixel tags (also known as Web beacons), ad tags and
   similar files and technical devices on our site (collectively
   "cookies") to collect information about your use of our site which
   includes, but is not limited to, the IP Address used to access this
   site. your browser type and operating system. Web pages you view. links
   you click. websites visited before and websites visited after. website
   browser history. and information about your interaction with our site,
   including information related to your searches, profile and travel
   destinations. We may combine this information with other information
   that we have about you.

   Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to correctly
   provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and
   services. We also use cookies to ensure that you obtain the information
   you request and to authenticate your authority to access the site. If
   you are a registered user on our site and you choose to have the site
   store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will
   contain your MileagePlus number. We also use cookies to track the usage
   of our websites in order to improve the site according to our
   customers´ needs. United may enter into agreements with third-party
   companies to serve advertisements, including advertisements for
   non-United products and services that we think may be of interest to
   you, and information on our website and on third-party websites. Please
   see the following section titled "Targeted Advertising" for additional
   information. You can configure your browser to not accept cookies from
   us or from third-party companies, like the third-party ad servers. If
   you choose not to accept our cookies, however, and are a registered
   user, you will not have access to your personal information, such as
   your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus
   summary information, on this site. Although you cannot sign in to the
   site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still
   purchase on the site by logging in as a guest. It is important to note
   that some website functionality may not work properly if your browser
   does not accept cookies.
   Targeted advertising

   We and our third-party service providers use the information that we
   collect about you through cookies to serve advertisements, including
   advertisements for non-United products and services that we think may
   be of interest to you, on our site and on third-party websites, as well
   as to track the success of our advertising campaigns. In addition to
   the information collected through this site, we (and our third-party
   service providers) may track user activity through email or use of a
   mobile site. These cookies enable the third-party advertising
   technology to better understand onsite activity both individually and
   in the aggregate. to recognize a browser´s cookie when a browser visits
   this site or other sites. and to learn which advertisements bring users
   to our website, third-party websites or otherwise take action. If you
   do not want information to be used to provide you with more relevant
   information, advertisements or services, you can change the settings on
   your Internet browser to reject cookies. This also may disable our Web
   beacons. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions
   on how to change your cookie-handling settings.

   Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic
   measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, Web beacons
   (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure
   the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content
   to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed
   by each third party´s specific privacy policy, and not by this Privacy
   Policy.

   In addition, third-party ad networks may be members of either the
   Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or About Ads-Digital Advertising
   Alliance ("DAI"). If they are members and you do not want to receive
   targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt
   out. You can find information about member companies, the practices of
   such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having
   information used by these companies, including how to opt out at
   http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp for NAI members
   and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for DAI members.

   Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members´ ad networks only means
   that those particular members no longer will deliver targeted content
   or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted
   content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your
   browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above
   referenced opt-out pages, and then you erase your cookies, use a
   different computer or change Web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out
   preference may no longer be active.
   Domain names

   Information regarding domain names is aggregated to measure the number
   of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar
   site usage information in order to know how to improve the site´s
   content.
   Children

   No information we collect from children known to be under the age of 13
   is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, by
   United, our affiliates, or our third-party sponsors. We use the
   information collected about children known to be under 13 to provide
   services only. We will give out personal information about children if
   required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena,
   or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.
   Law enforcement/legal processes/other uses

   United also may disclose personal information: if required to do so by
   law, court order, subpoena or other legal process. as requested by a
   governmental or law enforcement authority. to protect the rights or
   property of United, its customers, its websites, or users. or when we
   believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security
   or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
   How can you access your information?

   If you are registered on one of our websites, you can create, view or
   update your traveler profile and MileagePlus account through the United
   family website sign-in. If you are not registered on one of our
   websites, you can review and request changes to your personally
   identifiable information collected by United by calling 1-800-421-4655.
   How is the information collected online protected?

   United maintains strict physical, electronic and procedural safeguards
   to protect personal information and regularly reviews its security
   standards and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to
   personal information. When you place orders to purchase services or
   access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to
   protect your personal information. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software
   encrypts the personal information that is transmitted between you and
   our websites.

   Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent
   unauthorized access to your private information, it cannot be
   responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and
   United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will
   prevent unauthorized access to your private information.
   How can you opt out?

   If you are a MileagePlus member and do not want United to use or share
   your personal information for the purpose of sending you marketing or
   promotion related direct mail or emails from United, you can opt out at
   any time by going to the United family website you are using and update
   your preferences accordingly. In addition, emails sent to you will also
   contain a message on how to opt out of that type of communication in
   the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the
   right to send you emails or other electronic messages for
   administrative purposes.
   Other sites

   This Privacy Policy, to the extent it covers Internet use, covers only
   the United family websites and does not cover any other site, including
   those related to this site such as unitedvacations.com, unitedcargo.com
   or the non-U.S. United sites, nor does this policy apply to
   unitedcontinentalholdings.com. While we make every effort to protect
   your information on our websites, we do not control the policies of
   other sites (including those we may link to). We have no control over
   other sites´ privacy policies or use of any personal information you or
   others may share with them. Please do not assume that our Privacy
   Policy covers those other sites.
   Protect your personal information

   In order to protect your privacy and United’s proprietary databases and
   systems, we recommend that you not share any of your personally
   identifiable information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with
   any third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to
   sensitive account information.
   How can you contact us?

   If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, submit
   your inquiry to United Customer Service. Please reference this Privacy
   Policy in those communications.
   Legal effect and changes to the Policy

   As indicated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it
   otherwise create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, this Privacy
   Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United´s intended
   business practices. However, by using this website, and/or by providing
   personal information to United online or offline, you consent to the
   collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates,
   partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and
   consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may
   amend, interpret, modify, or withdraw any portion of this Privacy
   Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated
   text on this site, and your continued use constitutes your consent to
   those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective
   since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on April 1, 2014.

   Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.
   Sign In Join Search Search *1-9, dash, spaces only Search Search Choose
     * People
     * Phone
     * Email
     * Address

   Find Location *a-z dash, period, spaces only Birth
   MonthJanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovember
   December Day12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 Birth
   Year1996199519941993199219911990198919881987198619851984198319821981198
   01979197819771976197519741973197219711970196919681967196619651964196319
   62196119601959195819571956195519541953195219511950194919481947194619451
   94419431942194119401939193819371936193519341933193219311930192919281927
   1926192519241923192219211920191919181917 +/- --012510 Minimize Phone:
   *1-9, dash, spaces only Email: *enter valid email address Street: City:
     * Sign In
     * Join
     * About
     * Blog
     * Help

   Privacy Policy

   Effective Date: July 7, 2014

   This privacy policy applies to PeopleSmart.com, owned and operated by
   Inflection LLC. This privacy policy describes how Inflection LLC
   collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website,
   www.peoplesmart.com. It also describes the choices available to you
   regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access
   and update this information.

   You can learn more about how we protect your privacy and how to manage
   your information in our databases through the PeopleSmart Privacy
   Education Center.
   TRUSTe

   Inflection LLC has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that
   this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for
   compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency,
   accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your
   personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party,
   is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations
   globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust
   solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy
   policy or practices, please contact us at privacy@peoplesmart.com. If
   you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.
   The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through
   this Web site: www.peoplesmart.com, and does not cover information that
   may be collected through software downloaded from the site.
   What does this privacy policy cover?

   This policy covers how peoplesmart.com treats personal information that
   we collect and receive from you, including information related to your
   use of our website, products, and services. This policy does not apply
   to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to
   people that we do not employ or manage. Unless noted otherwise, this
   privacy policy does not apply to any information in our people search
   databases, which is covered separately under our Opt-Out Policy.

   Our website also includes links to other websites whose privacy
   practices may differ from those of Inflection LLC. If you submit
   personal information to any of those sites, your information is
   governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read
   the privacy policy of any website you visit.
   What information do we collect?

   We collect some information that is personal (i.e. information that
   identifies you, either alone or in combination with other data.) We
   also collect information that is non-personal and does not, on its own,
   identify you. When non-personal information is combined with other
   information so that it does identify you, we treat that combination as
   personal information.
   Registration Information

   When you register for an account to use peoplesmart.com, we may collect
   the following information:
     * Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and
       password
     * Your birthdate
     * Content that you create (also known as user-generated content)

   Registration is optional. However, if you choose not to register,
   certain features may not be available to you. Once you register with us
   and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
   Billing Information

   While registration is free, if you choose to purchase certain
   additional services and products, we may collect the following personal
   information:
     * Credit card or other billing account information
     * Billing address
     * Transaction-related information
     * Fraud prevention information (see Fraud and Abuse Prevention)

   Additional Information

   In order to provide certain services, we may collect additional
   information from you.
     * When you search for a person using our website, we collect a log of
       your searches.
     * If you wish to enhance your search results using information from
       third-party services such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we may ask you
       to give us authorization to access information about you stored in
       those third-party services.
     * To use our identity protection products, we may ask for the
       following personal information:
          + Your legal name
          + Your current residence
          + Your Social Security Number
          + Knowledge-based authentication questions that only you would
            know

   Technical and Analytic Information

   We automatically collect technical and analytic information from both
   registered users and anonymous visitors to our website. We generally
   treat this information as non-personal. This information includes, but
   is not limited to:
     * Your IP address
     * The referring link that brought you to our website
     * The browser and operating system you are using to access our
       website
     * Data that we may have previously stored in cookies on your computer
     * Which pages on our website you visit

   How do we collect information about you? Services You Authorize

   When you give us authorization to access an account you have on a
   third-party service such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we use a protocol
   called OAuth to access your information. We will never ask you to give
   us your password for a third-party service.
   Social Media Widgets

   Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like
   button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive
   mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP
   address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie
   to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and
   Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our
   Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy
   policy of the company providing it.
   Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

   We use several methods to collect technical and analytics data,
   including the following:
     * Cookies. We may set and access our cookies on your computer.
       peoplesmart.com uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A
       session cookie expires when you close your browser. We use session
       cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the site and log in
       to your account. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for
       an extended period of time. We use persistent cookies to track
       usage of our site to improve your experience, and to remember your
       preferences. You can remove persistent cookies by following
       directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help”
       directory. Learn more about cookies. You may disable cookies in
       your browser settings, but your ability to use some areas of our
       site will be limited.
     * Third-Party Cookies. The use of cookies by our partners,
       affiliates, and service providers is not covered by our privacy
       policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our
       partners, affiliates, and service providers use session and
       persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site,
       monitor site usage and performance, and provide targeted ads.
     * Web Beacons. Our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web
       Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage
       content on our site. We do not tie the information gathered to our
       Customers’ or Users’ personally identifiable information.
     * Flash Cookies. We use Flash cookies (also known as local storage
       objects or LSOs) to store content information and preferences.
       Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on
       our site, prevent fraud, or to display advertising based upon your
       Web browsing activity, may use LSOs to collect and store
       information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools
       for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here.
     * Log Data. Your browser automatically sends certain data that is
       recorded by our servers every time you interact with this website,
       including your IP address, browser type, operating system, the
       referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier,
       device and application IDs, and search terms.

   What do we use your information for?

   We use the information you give us to:
     * Operate and improve our website, products, and services
     * Understand you and your preferences, which helps us to enhance your
       experience on our website
     * Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service
     * Provide and deliver the products and services that you request
     * Conduct research to improve the quality of our products and
       services
     * Send you information related to your account, including
       confirmations, invoices, security alerts, updates, confirmations,
       and support and administrative messages
     * Protect our users against fraud and abuse
     * Communicate with you about new products and services offered by
       Inflection and our selected partners

   How do we protect your information? Technical and Administrative
   Controls
     * Your information is stored on servers in physically secure
       locations
     * We implement technical measures to prevent unauthorized access, and
       keep security patches and software up-to-date
     * Employee access to your information is restricted and audited
     * Sensitive personal information is stored in encrypted form
     * All personal information is encrypted during transfer (for example,
       when providing credit card information)

   Payment Information

   For processing payments, we use systems that are compliant with the
   Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). All payment
   information is safely stored according to PCI DSS requirements.
   Disclaimer

   While we use acceptable industry-standard practices to protect your
   information, no computer system or Internet communication is ever
   completely secure or error-free. As a result, we cannot and do not
   guarantee that your information will be absolutely secure.
   When do we share your information?

   We do not share, rent, or sell your information except in the limited
   circumstances described below:
   With Your Consent

   We will share your information when you give us permission. for
   example, when you use a third-party web client to access your account,
   or when you give us permission to make information public.
   Within the Inflection Family of Products

   Other Inflection products may use your information, but only in ways
   that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.
   To Provide Certain Services

   We use certain trusted third parties to provide certain services for
   us. We may share your information with these third parties, but when we
   do, we will only share the minimum amount of information necessary to
   provide the service. In addition, any third-party service provider we
   use is required to give your information the same protections that are
   outlined here in this Privacy Policy.
   Public, Anonymous and Aggregated Data

   We may share or disclose information that is non-private, anonymously
   aggregated, or otherwise non-personal.
   Business Transfers

   In the event that Inflection is involved in a bankruptcy, merger,
   acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be
   sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The obligations of
   this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to the new entity after the
   sale or transfer.
   Fraud and Abuse Prevention

   We partner with certain third party vendors to prevent fraud and abuse.
   When you make a purchase, we analyze your payment information and
   unique device identifiers (including, but not limited to, IP address,
   geographical location, browser and operating system settings, and
   device ID) to identify suspected fraudulent activity and block it.

   When we detect suspected fraud or abuse, we may share information
   associated with that particular transaction or event (including, but
   not limited to, payment information, email addresses, and unique device
   identifiers) with our security partners or law enforcement for further
   investigation.
   Legal Compliance and Harm Prevention

   We may preserve or share your information in the following
   circumstances:
     * When required by law, regulation, or legal request such as a
       warrant or subpoena
     * When we believe it is reasonably necessary in urgent situations to
       protect the well-being or safety of any individual
     * To address fraud, security, or technical issues
     * To protect Inflection’s rights or property

   Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses
   or objections that you may have to a third party or government request
   to disclose your information.
   Advertising

   We may use third-party advertising companies to serve targeted ads when
   you visit our website. These companies may use non-personal information
   about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
   advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

   While we do not provide any personal information to the advertiser when
   you interact with or view a targeted advertisement, you are consenting
   to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that
   you meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement (for
   example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.)

   If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
   choices about not having this information used by these companies,
   please click here.
   How do I access and control my personal information? Access and Choice

   You may use your account to access, correct, or change any personal
   information you have provided to us or that is associated with your
   account. You may also email our Privacy Team at
   privacy@peoplesmart.com. We will respond to your request within 30
   days.
   Communication Preferences

   We may send you information about our products, notify you of any
   changes to your account, or send confirmations, technical notices,
   updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages, and
   marketing emails.

   If you would like to stop receiving newsletters and marketing emails
   from peoplesmart.com please provide us with the email address you would
   like to unsubscribe by emailing privacy@peoplesmart.com or calling
   1-888-813-0008. Please note that you may still receive account and
   billing notices from us, if applicable.
   Compliance Notices California Do Not Track Disclosure

   When you browse our website, we may use trusted third-party tools to
   analyze website usage, monitor performance, and prevent fraud. All
   analytics and performance data collected by third-party tools is
   anonymous. We may use these tools regardless of whether or not you
   enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser.

   Fraud prevention tools may collect personally identifiable information
   regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in
   your browser. however, this data is used specifically for fraud and
   abuse prevention and will never be used for marketing purposes.
   California Information-Sharing Disclosure

   We do not share your personal information with third parties for their
   own use without your permission.
   Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act

   peoplesmart.com complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection
   Act (COPPA) where it applies to our information collection practices.
   This website is not directed to individuals under the age of 18. We do
   not actively or knowingly collect personal information from children
   under the age of 13. If we discover that we have collected personal
   information on a child under the age of 13 without proper consent, we
   will promptly remove that information from our systems.
   Changes to this Privacy Policy

   We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information
   practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email
   (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a
   notice posted to this website prior to the change becoming effective.
   We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest
   information on our privacy practices.
   Contact Information

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you can
   contact us by emailing privacy@peoplesmart.com, calling 1-888-813-0008,
   or writing to us at:
   peoplesmart.com
   ATTN: Privacy Department
   P.O. Box 391146
   Omaha, NE 68139

   PeopleSmart maintains offices at 555 Twin Dolphin Drive #200, Redwood
   City, CA 94065.
   Tweet About Manage Your Listing Affiliate Program Help Center Privacy
   Education How We Think About Privacy Terms of Use Privacy Policy
   Opt-Out Policy Payment Policy FCRA Regulations Contact Us Sitemap
   Explore Home Join Sign In Manage Listing Directories Find People Court
   Records Criminal Records County Records Company About Blog Privacy
   Education Affiliates Support Help Sitemap Follow PeopleSmart

   PeopleSmart is designed to help you find and connect with others.
   Search by name, email, phone number, and address. PeopleSmart is not a
   consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act
   (FCRA). To learn more, please see our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
   Information offered by PeopleSmart is not to be used for assessing or
   evaluating a person's eligibility for employment, housing, insurance,
   credit, or for any other purpose covered under the FCRA. Visit
   GoodHire.com for all your employment screening needs.
   ﻿

   All rights reserved. © 2014 PeopleSmart
   Home Sign In Join About Blog Help

   Critical error: no domain selected!
   Introduction

   This website (the Site) is owned and operated by ScienceBlogs, LLC
   (“SB”). SB provides the Site and its services to you subject to the
   following Terms of Service (the Terms). By using the Site, you agree to
   be bound by the Terms. SB may, in its sole discretion, modify the Terms
   without notice to you. Therefore, please continue to review the Terms
   when using the Site. The “Last Modified” date will indicate when the
   latest changes were made. By continuing to access and use the Site
   after the Terms have been modified, you are agreeing to such
   modifications. In addition, when using particular services or features
   or making purchases on the Site, you shall be subject to any posted
   guidelines or rules applicable to such services, features or purchases
   that may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are
   hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms.
   Description of Service

   The Site provides a variety of information, forums, resources and
   products related to science. The Site, any software used to operate the
   Site, and the content, services, features, subscriptions, products,
   merchandise and information that SB offers to users on the Site may be
   referred to herein collectively as the “service”. Unless explicitly
   stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the Service
   in the future shall be considered part of the Service and subject to
   the Terms.
   Purchasing Products

   If you would like to purchase any merchandise or products offered on
   the Site (collectively, “Products”), your purchase will be subject to
   the terms and conditions of our Purchase Policy. Please review our
   Purchase Policy before making any such purchase. By submitting payment
   information in connection with any such purchase, you agree to be bound
   by the terms of our Purchase Policy. Our Purchase Policy is hereby
   incorporated by reference into the Terms.
   Information You Provide

   You may be required to register for an account on the Site in order to
   take advantage of certain features of the Site, such as purchasing
   Products or using our chat rooms, message boards and blogs. If you
   choose to register on the Site or if you otherwise provide information
   on the Site, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and
   complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site, and (b) as
   permitted, maintain and promptly update such information to keep it
   true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information to
   SB that is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, or SB has
   reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is false,
   inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, SB has the right to suspend or
   terminate your account and prohibit any and all current or future use
   of the Service (or any portion thereof) by you. Any registration or
   other information you provide to SB is subject to our Privacy Policy.
   For more information, see our full Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy
   is hereby incorporated into the Terms by this reference.
   Member Account and Password

   If you choose to register for an account with SB, you will create a
   username and password while completing the registration process. You
   are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and
   account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under
   your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify SB of any
   unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of
   security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of
   each session. SB (and its affiliated companies) cannot and will not be
   liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with
   this section.
   Materials on the Site, Proprietary Use

   The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and logos
   (collectively, “Marks”) contained or described on the Site (including,
   without limitation, the ScienceBlogs name and logo, the “phylotaxis”
   logo, the Seed logo and logotype, and any Marks associated with any
   Products) are the sole property of SB, Seed Media Group, and/or
   suppliers or licensors of SB and may not be copied, imitated or
   otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written
   permission of SB, Seed Media Group, and/or its suppliers or licensors.
   In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and
   scripts are Marks of SB and may not be copied, imitated or otherwise
   used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of SB.
   SB will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent
   of the law.
   Submissions

   In the event that we provide users with any venues to submit opinions,
   information, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material
   (collectively, “submissions”) on the Site (collectively, “Venues”, and
   including, but not limited to, bulletin boards, chat rooms, blogs,
   surveys or invitations to e-mail SB with questions or comments), any
   such Submissions must be original with you (or in the public domain)
   and be accurate and current. You may not submit any Submission that is
   unlawful, harmful, harassing, threatening, abusive, hateful, libelous,
   defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, vulgar, indecent, sexually
   explicit or otherwise objectionable, or that would constitute a
   criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any third
   party’s rights of privacy or publicity or otherwise violate any
   applicable law or right. You may not submit any Submission that is
   protected by copyright, patent, or other proprietary rights without
   obtaining permission of the owner of such rights. The Venues shall not
   be used for any commercial purposes. You will not submit any Submission
   to solicit funds or to promote, advertise, or solicit the sale of any
   goods or services.

   Any Submissions submitted by you to the Site through the Venues or
   otherwise will be deemed non-proprietary and non-confidential, and may
   be used by SB without restriction. Without limiting the foregoing, by
   offering any Submissions through the Site, you grant to SB the
   worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and
   license to reproduce, modify, edit, publish, display, perform, adapt,
   distribute, sublicense and otherwise use and exploit such Submissions
   (and any and all proprietary rights therein that you may have) in any
   and all forms and media, now or hereafter discovered, without
   compensation or attribution to you.

   You are solely responsible for any Submission you post or otherwise
   disseminate on or through the Service. We have no responsibility or
   control over the content, frequency or any other aspect of Submissions
   by our users, and we cannot be held liable for any such Submissions. We
   have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole discretion, to
   pre-screen, refuse, edit, move or remove any Submission in any Venue.
   We are not responsible for screening, monitoring or verifying any
   Submissions (subject to the “Copyrights and Copyright Agent” paragraph
   below), although we reserve the right to do so. Any opinions,
   statements or other material expressed, posted or otherwise
   disseminated on or through the Service by visitors, account holders or
   third parties are those of such parties and not of SB, and SB does not
   endorse any such opinion, statement or other material.
   Links and Third Party Content

   Links on the Site to third-party websites are provided only as a
   convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Site. SB
   does not control or endorse any such third-party websites. You agree
   that neither SB nor any of its affiliated companies will be responsible
   or liable for any content, goods or services provided on or through
   these outside websites or for your use or inability to use such
   websites. You will use these links at your own risk.

   Without limiting the foregoing, your correspondence or business
   dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on
   or through the use of the Service, including payment for and delivery
   of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions,
   warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely
   between you and such advertiser. You agree that neither SB nor its
   affiliated companies shall be responsible or liable for any loss or
   damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as
   the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.
   News and Information. Financial Matters

   You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with,
   the use of any headlines, excerpts, summaries, news and/or other
   information provided through the Service (collectively, “Information”).
   Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that neither SB nor its affiliated
   companies are responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i)
   any Information provided by the Service, (ii) any decision by SB to
   include any Information in, or exclude any Information from, the
   Service, (iii) any summarizing or editing of Information by SB, or (iv)
   any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection
   with your use of or reliance on any such Information, including,
   without limitation, the accuracy, completeness, availability or
   usefulness thereof. SB does not independently verify any Information
   obtained or derived from third party sources.

   Without limiting any other provision of the Terms, with respect to any
   Information provided by the Service concerning companies, stock quotes,
   investments, securities or other financial or corporate information,
   you understand and agree that any such Information is provided through
   the Service on a “let the investor beware” basis, meaning that you
   assume all risk for any investment, trading, tax or other decisions you
   make based on such Information. The Information obtainable on or
   through the Service is provided for informational purposes only. We do
   not give tax or investment advice or advocate the purchase or sale of
   any security or investment. You should always seek the assistance of a
   professional for tax and investment advice. Neither SB nor its
   affiliated companies shall be responsible or liable for any trading or
   investment decisions made based on such Information.
   Disclaimer of Warranties

   YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:

   YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED
   ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY
   PROVIDED IN THE TERMS, SB, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARY AND OTHER AFFILIATED
   COMPANIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER
   REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SB PARTIES”) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL
   WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

   EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE TERMS, THE SB PARTIES
   MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii)
   THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii)
   THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE
   ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES,
   INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL
   MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE
   CORRECTED.

   ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE
   SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY
   RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT
   RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.

   NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM
   THE SB PARTIES OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY
   NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
   Limitation of Liability

   EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE TERMS, YOU EXPRESSLY
   UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NONE OF THE SB PARTIES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR
   ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY
   DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
   GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THE SB PARTIES
   HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM:
   (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE. (ii) THE COST OF
   PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS,
   DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR
   TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE. (iii)
   UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA.
   (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE. OR (v)
   ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.

   If you are dissatisfied with any Materials, or with any of SB’s terms
   and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using
   the Service.
   Exclusions and Limitations

   SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR
   THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR
   CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY
   NOT APPLY TO YOU.
   Copyrights and Copyright Agent

   SB respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users
   to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied on the
   Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your
   intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please
   provide the following information to SB’s Copyright Agent:

   1.) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
   on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property
   interest;

   2.) a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual
   property that you claim has been infringed;

   3.) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is
   located on the Site;

   4.) your address, telephone number, and email address;

   5.) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;

   6.) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
   information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
   or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or
   intellectual property owner’s behalf.

   SB’s agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual
   property infringement can be reached as follows:
   webmaster@scienceblogs.com Termination

   SB reserves the right, without notice and at its sole discretion, to
   suspend or terminate the Terms and/or your ability to access or use the
   Service, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the
   Service for any reason, including your breach of the Terms or other
   conduct by you that SB considers inappropriate. SB reserves the right
   at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily
   or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without
   notice. Except as otherwise expressly stated in the Terms, you agree
   that neither SB nor any of its affiliated companies shall be liable to
   you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or
   discontinuation of the Service.
   Governing Law

   The Terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance
   with the laws of the State of New York within the United States of
   America without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. SB
   controls and operates the Site from its offices located in the State of
   New York in the United States of America. SB makes no representation
   that Materials contained on the Site or Products described or offered
   on the Site are appropriate or available for use in jurisdictions
   outside the United States, or that the Terms comply with the laws of
   any other country. Visitors who use the Service and reside outside the
   United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
   compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are
   applicable. If any provision of the Terms shall be unlawful, void or
   for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
   severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and
   enforceability of any remaining provisions.
   Contacting Us

   If you have any comments or questions regarding these Terms of Service,
   or wish to report any violation of these Terms of Service, please
   contact us atwebmaster@scienceblogs.com. We will address any issue to
   the best of our abilities as soon as possible.

   (Last Modified: 8/3/10)
   Privacy Statement Print A A

   General Motors Company U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement

   Last modified: May 28, 2014

   Your privacy is important to General Motors Company (“GM” or “we”) as
   is your trust in GM’s products and services. We want you to know that
   the information you share with us will be treated with care. This
   Privacy Statement addresses what personal information we collect and
   how we handle the personal information shared with us.

   View the California Privacy Policy

   Scope

   This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we obtain from
   and about individuals interacting with GM and its websites, products
   and services. It does not apply to personal information we obtain in
   our capacity as an employer.

   This Privacy Statement covers all GM businesses and subsidiaries in the
   U.S. except for OnStar LLC and General Motors Financial Company, Inc.
   which have their own Privacy Statements. Additionally, mobile
   applications have separate privacy statements, as described in the
   Mobile Applications section below.

   Information Collected
   As you interact with GM, there may be opportunities for you to provide
   us with your information. Additionally, we may collect certain
   information about you or your vehicle as further described below.
   You may provide us with information about you or your vehicle through a
   number of sources: GM websites, product and related events, test drive
   or other incentive applications, surveys, social media platforms (i.e.,
   when you register for a GM sponsored sweepstakes via the GM Facebook
   Fan page), sweepstakes entries and through our customer call centers.
   We receive information about you through vehicle sales records provided
   by your dealer and we may obtain, with your consent, data obtained from
   your vehicle’s Event Data Recorder (“EDR”) as described in your owner’s
   manual (i.e., how various systems in your vehicle operate, the speed
   and distance of your vehicle). For additional information about EDR
   data, please see your owner’s manual. We also may obtain information
   about you and your vehicle from GM affiliates, GM dealers, GM licensees
   for consumer merchandise, GM credit card bank partners and other
   sources such as companies that provide lists of potential vehicle
   purchasers and current owners, if such companies are permitted to share
   your information with us pursuant to their privacy statements.
   The types of information that GM collects about you may include, but
   are not limited to:

     * contact information (such as name, address, city, state and ZIP
       code, email address and telephone number)
     * vehicle information (such as vehicle identification number (VIN),
       make, model, model year, selling dealer, servicing dealer, date of
       purchase or lease and service history)
     * vehicle performance data (such as engine and transmission
       performance, airbag deployment conditions or crash or near crash
       information about how a vehicle’s systems performed)
     * demographic information (such as age range, marital status and
       household composition)
     * non-credit-related marketing profile information (such as when you
       plan to purchase or lease. the vehicle in which you're interested)
     * relationships you have with GM in addition to the purchase and
       servicing of your vehicle (such as through a GM Rewards Card or
       OnStar)
     * incentive eligibility verification information (such as college
       name, branch of service or credit union name for vehicle purchase
       programs)
     * Social Security Number (in limited circumstances GM may collect
       SSN, for example if you win a sweepstakes or receive compensation
       that must be reported for government tax purposes)
     * investor information (name, address, phone number and email
       address)
     * stockholder services information (such as account information)
     * photographs such as those that you may submit for contests or
       sweepstakes

   Use
   The information GM collects about you and your vehicle will be used:
     * to provide products and services
     * to maintain customer relationships
     * to operate GM websites
     * to provide customer and vehicle support and service (such as recall
       information or warranty service)
     * to provide information and product updates
     * to evaluate vehicle performance and safety as described in the
       vehicle owner manual
     * for safety and product research purposes
     * to verify eligibility for vehicle purchase or incentive programs
     * for marketing purposes
     * to customize and improve communication content
     * to comply with legal requirements

   You may choose to forward information from one of our websites or
   emails to another person through our Forward to a Friend program. Email
   addresses submitted to our E-card or other Forward to a Friend programs
   will not be captured for later use in marketing unless the recipient
   opts into receiving additional marketing materials from GM.

   Mobile Applications
   GM has developed certain mobile applications that you may download to
   your mobile device or vehicle (“GM Applications”). When you download a
   GM Application, there may be an opportunity for you to provide us with
   or for us to obtain information about you or your vehicle. Each GM
   Application will display a separate Privacy Statement that will inform
   you about how any information shared via the application will be
   handled and how to decline such use or uninstall the application.
   Through the Infotainment system, GM may also offer applications
   developed by third parties (“3rd Party Application”). When you download
   a 3rd Party Application to your mobile device or vehicle, the 3rd Party
   Application may collect information about you in connection with your
   download or use of that application. GM is not responsible for the
   collection or use of information by 3rd Party Applications. We
   recommend that you carefully review the privacy statement of each
   3rd Party Application prior to downloading or using them.

   Sharing

   GM may share the information it collects about you or your vehicle in
   the following instances:

     * as required by law, such as in conjunction with a subpoena,
       government inquiry, litigation, dispute resolution or similar legal
       process
     * when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to
       protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
       investigate fraud or respond to a law enforcement request
     * with our services providers who work on our behalf and who do not
       have an independent right to use the information to which they have
       access or that we disclose to them
     * with our business partners for GM marketing activities, business
       partner marketing activities or both
     * with third parties for research and development purposes (such as
       university research institutes for improving highway safety)
     * in connection with the sale, transfer or financing of a significant
       part of a GM business or its assets, including any such activities
       associated with a bankruptcy proceeding
     * within GM, with our subsidiaries and affiliates, with GM dealers
       and with GM licensees. however, transaction information regarding
       your GM Card will not be shared with GM dealers.

   Apart from the purposes listed above, GM will not share information
   about you or your vehicle with other third parties for their
   independent use without your permission.

   How to Manage Your Personal Information/Communications Preferences
   If you do not want to receive unsolicited marketing communications from
   GM, please visit our Consumer Preference System website at
   www.gmcontactpreferences.com. This will allow you to opt out of
   telephone and email communications and/or to change previously
   submitted opt-out preferences. You can also call 1-866-MYPRIVACY
   (1-866-697-7482) to opt out of direct mail communications, as well as
   telephone and email communications, and/or to change previously
   submitted opt-out preferences.
   If you have subscribed to a particular email newsletter or other
   communication (such as My GMLINK Service Reminders), you should follow
   the instructions in the email or on a related website to unsubscribe.
   GM and GM dealers are separate legal entities with their own privacy
   practices. For questions about your dealer's privacy practices
   including opting out of marketing communications from your dealer,
   please contact your dealer directly.

   If you opt out of receiving marketing communications from GM, your
   personal information will not be used for marketing, but may still be
   used for the other purposes described in this Privacy Statement (such
   as vehicle support and service).

   Security
   GM uses administrative, technical and physical security to protect the
   personal information we maintain and to help ensure that it is used
   according to this Privacy Statement.

   Cookies/Tracking Technologies
   GM websites use “cookies” to remember user preferences and to maximize
   the performance of our website and services. Using cookies on our
   websites provides benefits to you, such as allowing you to maintain
   your account login information or contact information on Request a
   Quote forms between visits, or locating a nearby dealer. In addition,
   we use information gathered from cookies to autofill fields on forms
   such as the city, state or zip code associated with your IP address.
   This information can be corrected by you before submitting any form or
   inquiry or you can disable the cookie as discussed below and the
   information will not be collected.
   Similarly, we may also place Web beacons in our emails to measure the
   effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who
   open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how
   many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device,
   operating system and browser used to deliver the email and any URL
   accessed through our email message.
   To measure site activity and provide a better user experience, we may
   allow our service providers or business partners to compile information
   from the cookies, Web beacons or other technologies on our websites
   which may include information about your visit (such as demographic
   data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on
   the page and the day and time of your visit). We may also allow third
   party advertising and personalization partners to use this information
   to develop personalized content and appropriate advertising based on
   your visits over time on GM web sites and non-GM web sites.
   This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising
   campaigns or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you.

   At this time, we do not currently honor do no track signals from a web
   site browser. However, you may refuse or delete cookies. Please refer
   to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other
   technologies and how to manage their use. If you elect to refuse or
   delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another
   computer, or change browsers. If you choose to decline cookies, some of
   the functionality of a website may be impaired.

   GM adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory
   Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (www.AboutAds.info).  If
   you do not wish to receive personalized advertising or content from us
   while visiting GM web sites, you may click on the AdChoices icon
   located at the bottom of the web site page or the Digital Advertising
   Alliance’s Opt-Out page (www.AboutAds.info/choices).

   If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising or content from
   us on non-GM websites, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
   Opt-Out page (www.AboutAds.info/choices) or click on the AboutAds icon
   on a GM advertisement and follow the instructions on how to opt out.

   Opting out of relevant advertising will not opt you out of all
   advertising, but rather only those advertisements that are personalized
   to your interests by GM or its agents or representatives.

   If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a
   website may be impaired.

   Linked Sites
   GM websites may contain links to third-party sites not controlled by GM
   or covered by this Privacy Statement, such as those belonging to GM
   dealers, GM licensees, co-branded websites offered in conjunction with
   a business partner, or independent product review sites. We recommend
   that you check the Privacy Statement of other sites you visit before
   providing any personal information.

   GM Dealers
   When you buy or lease a GM vehicle from a GM dealer, the dealer will
   share your information with GM as the vehicle manufacturer.  Please be
   aware that each dealer operates as a separate legal entity and you
   should read the dealer’s privacy statement to ensure that you
   understand its privacy practices and procedures. Additionally, because
   the GM dealer often is the first contact with you, the dealer can
   answer any questions you may have about its privacy practices. While GM
   encourages its dealers to ensure full compliance with all applicable
   privacy legislation and has provided information to our dealers
   relating to privacy obligations, GM is not responsible for dealers’
   compliance with applicable law.
   When completing a purchase or lease agreement or signing a service
   repair order with the GM dealer, you should be provided with
   information describing the dealership's privacy practices and related
   policies that explain that certain personal information that you
   provide to the dealer may be shared with GM or others in accordance
   with this Statement.

   Children's Privacy
   GM websites do not target or knowingly collect any information from
   children under the age of 13.

   Data Transfer
   GM affiliates in the United States (“GM US”) adhere to the U.S.– EU
   Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy
   Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce
   (collectively, “European Safe Harbor”) as a data processor for certain
   European customer personal data transfers to the United States.
   Specifically, GM U.S. acts as a data processor for its GM affiliated
   companies in Europe (“GM Europe”) when it provides data hosting,
   technical support, or otherwise obtains incidental access to data about
   identified or identifiable users of GM Europe's products and services,
   including Infotainment services (“European Customer Data”). Each GM
   Europe company acts as a controller of its own European Customer Data,
   and GM U.S. acts as a data processor for these GM Europe companies.
   Individuals that use products or services offered by a GM Europe
   company may therefore wish to raise any privacy questions with such GM
   Europe company directly, including filing any requests to access
   European Customer Data or exercise other privacy rights. Such
   individuals may also raise questions with GM U.S. as per the contact
   details below.
   Individuals also may raise privacy concerns with the International
   Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the
   American Arbitration Association (ICDR/AAA) at the following website:
   https://apps.adr.org/webfile/.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor
   program, and to view GM U.S.’s certification, please visit
   http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/

   Privacy Inquiries and Correcting Your Information
   If you have concerns or questions regarding GM's consumer privacy
   practices or this Privacy Statement, please refer to the frequently
   asked questions that follow, or you may contact us at 1-866-MYPRIVACY
   (1-866-697-7482).
   To have your mail, email or telephone information updated please call
   one of the following Customer Assistance Centers that is specific to
   your vehicle:

   Buick:           1-800-521-7300

   Cadillac:         1-800-458-8006

   Chevrolet:     1-800-222-1020

   GMC:            1-800-462-8782

   Saturn:        1-800-553-6000

   HUMMER:      1-866-486-6376

   Pontiac:       1-800-762-2737

   For inquiries about how the information you submit to the Investor
   Information portion of GM’s website or to GM Stockholder Services is
   handled, please call 313-667-1432.
   You may correct GM Rewards Cards contact information, such as name,
   address, phone number and email address, by logging onto the Account
   portion of the website listed on the back of your card. You can also
   call the Customer Center for your Account.

     * BuyPower Card 888-316-2390
     * GM Flexible Earnings Card 800-388-9107
     * GM Extended Family Card 800-419-6698
     * GM Business Card 800-446-5347

   If you have a question or concern about the privacy practices of the
   BuyPower Card or the GM Card websites, please contact us by sending an
   email from the Contact Us page or by writing to us at: GM Rewards Card,
   100 Renaissance Center, 482-A00-MAR, Detroit, MI 48265.
   For GM Family First participants, you may correct your information by
   contacting your Human Resources representative or updating your
   information via Socrates. For Vehicle Purchase Plan (“VPP”)
   participants, you may correct your personal information by visiting the
   following VPP websites.
     * GM Supplier Discount
     * GM Dealership Employee Discount
     * GM College Discount
     * GM Military Discount
     * Credit Union Discount from GM

   Changes to Privacy Statement
   We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. We will do so
   by posting additions or modifications to this page.

   Effective date: September 1, 2011

   Last modified: May 28, 2014

   Frequently Asked Questions
   Q1: How long will my opt-out preferences last?
   A: Your GM telephone and email opt-out preferences will be honored in
   accordance with applicable law and will remain in effect unless you
   take action to opt back in to receiving materials from us (for example
   by Request a Quote or completing a Business Reply Card). Your GM direct
   mail opt-out preferences will expire three (3) years from the date of
   your submission. You can change or update your opt-out preferences by
   clicking here.
   Q2: Does my vehicle have a black box to record data?
   A: GM vehicles, like other modern motor vehicles, have a number of
   sophisticated computer systems that monitor and control several aspects
   of the vehicle's performance. GM vehicles use on-board vehicle
   computers to monitor emission control components to optimize fuel
   economy, to monitor conditions for air bag deployment and, if so
   equipped, to provide anti-lock braking and to help the driver control
   the vehicle in difficult driving situations. Some information may be
   stored during regular operations to facilitate repair of detected
   malfunctions. other information is stored only in a crash event by
   computer systems, such as those commonly called event data recorders
   (EDR). To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy, refer to the
   Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicle’s owner
   manual.

   Q3: Does my vehicle have an RFID feature that transmits my personal
   information?
   A: No, many GM vehicles contain sensing and transmitting devices using
   the same type of radio frequency transmission technology used in RFIDs
   that can contain personal information. These devices are used to
   perform functions such as checking tire pressure. The devices do not
   store or transmit personal information. To learn more about vehicle
   recording and privacy, refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy
   section of your vehicle’s owner manual.
     * General Motors
     * Vehicles
          + Browse By Brand
          + Browse By Type
          + Future Vehicles
          + Current Offers
          + Dealer Locator
          + Owner Assistance
     * Innovation
          + Design &. Technology
          + Environment
          + Community &. Education
          + Quality &. Safety
     * Company
          + About GM
          + Investors
          + Latest GM News
          + The GM Experience
          + GM Social Hub
          + History &. Heritage
     * Search
     * All GM Sites
     *

     * © 2014 GENERAL MOTORS

     * Contact Us
     * Sitemap
     * Press Room
     * Ignition Recall
     * Investors
     * Careers
     * FAQs
     * Supply Chain Responsibility
     * Copyright/Trademark
     * Privacy
     * User Guidelines

   TOYS"R"US PRIVACY POLICY
     * WHAT DOES THE TOYS"R"US PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
     * WHAT INFORMATION DOES TOYS"R"US COLLECT?
     * HOW DOES TOYS"R"US USE AND SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
     * HOW IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?
     * WHAT ARE MY CHOICES REGARDING HOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS
       COLLECTED AND USED?
     * WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DOES TOYS"R"US USE THEM?
     * HOW CAN I UPDATE OR CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
     * WHAT IS TOYS"R"US' CHILDREN'S PRIVACY POLICY?
     * LINKED SITES OR ONLINE SERVICES
     * HOW TO CONTACT TOYS"R"US
     * REVISIONS TO THE TOYS"R"US PRIVACY POLICY
     * YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

   1. What does the Toys"R"Us Privacy Policy cover?

   This privacy policy outlines Toys"R"Us' practices regarding information
   collected:
     * Online at Toysrus.com, Babiesrus.com, Toyrusinc.com and any other
       websites operated by Toys"R"Us (the "Toys"R"Us Sites").
     * When you call, e-mail or otherwise communicate with Toys"R"Us.
     * Through or in connection with apps or software sponsored by
       Toys"R"Us.
     * On portions of other websites hosted or sponsored by Toys"R"Us.
     * When you or your child use the Tabeo tablet.
     * In any games or promotions sponsored by Toys"R"Us. and
     * At Toys"R"Us and Babies"R"Us retail stores in the United States
       (the "Retail Stores").

   For purposes of this Privacy Policy, Toys"R"Us includes Toys"R"Us,
   Inc., Toys"R"Us-Delaware, Inc. and their retail stores and websites in
   the United States.

   By visiting a Toys"R"Us Site or Retail Store, participating in our
   rewards program or otherwise interacting with Toys"R"Us, you are
   accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We suggest
   you review this Privacy Policy periodically, as it may be updated from
   time to time. This Privacy Policy was last revised in December 2013.

    BACK TO TOP

   2. What information does Toys"R"Us collect?

   Information You Give Us.

   Toys"R"Us may collect any information (such as first and last name,
   credit card number, address, e-mail address and telephone number) that
   you provide when you interact with Toys"R"Us. Some examples are when
   you:
     * Make an online or in-store purchase;
     * Create or edit your Registries and Wish Lists;
     * Participate in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.
     * Download an application.
     * Participate in a game or other promotion on a Toys"R"Us Site or at
       one of our partner's websites.
     * Fill out a survey or questionnaire.
     * Sign up for our rewards program or other program or club.
     * Engage with Toys"R"Us content through third-party social networking
       sites.
     * Purchase a product as a result of visiting a Toys"R"Us Site, such
       as through our partner i-Parcel.
     * Set up the parental controls for the Tabeo tablet. or
     * Contact a Toys"R"Us customer service representative.

   Automatic Information Collection.

   Each time you visit a Toys"R"Us Site or the websites of any of our
   partners or use any of our mobile apps, we may automatically collect
   certain types of information. Some examples of automatic information we
   may collect are as follows:
     * We may record your internet service provider's address, your
       internet protocol or IP address, the web page from which you came,
       your web browser software, the type of handheld or mobile device
       used to link to the web page, and the language settings on your web
       browser.
     * We may collect a record of your activity or your "clickstream"
       while visiting Toys"R"Us Sites.
     * We may use "cookies" of different types to recognize your computer.
       A cookie is a small text file that a website, online application,
       or e-mail may save to your internet browser and/or your computer's
       hard drive for use in subsequent visits to Toys"R"Us Sites or other
       sites. and
     * We may use web beacons, match scripts, pixel tags or similar
       technologies that allow us to know if a particular web page was
       visited, an e-mail opened, links in the email utilized or if the
       advertisements on the Toys"R"Us Sites or other sites were
       effective. In some instances, these technologies may allow us to
       match activities with particular users. and
     * We may collect any information you enter, share or that can be
       obtained from your use of our apps, games, contests, or promotions.

   You have the choice to tell us not to collect and use this information.
   For more information, including how you can opt out, click here: About
   Toys"R"Us Advertising

   We operate cameras in our Retail Stores for security and operational
   purposes. Except for security and loss-prevention purposes, we do not
   use these cameras to identify you personally.

   Combined Information.

   Information you provide at our Retail Stores may be combined with
   information that you provide online at Toys"R"Us Sites, as well as with
   information about your product interests and purchases we collect
   automatically. The information you provide to Toys"R"Us may also be
   combined with demographic and other information that is available from
   other sources in order to allow Toys"R"Us to better communicate with
   you and enhance our customer service and your shopping experience.

   Do Not Track

   Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some
   web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and
   online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium
   (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT
   signals and therefore, Toys"R"Us and the Toys"R"Us Sites do not
   recognize DNT.

    BACK TO TOP

   3. How does Toys"R"Us use and share personal information?

   Using Your Personal Information

   Your personal information is used by Toys"R"Us and others to enhance
   your customer relationship, respond to your requests, improve our
   customer service, tailor offerings and advertisements to you,
   communicate with you about products, services, special offerings and
   events or programs offered by Toys"R"Us or our marketing partners that
   may be of interest to you. We participate in interest-based advertising
   and we or others may use information about you to deliver to you or
   allow you to see certain advertising based on your interests, searches
   you perform, information you provide, or your activity on Toys"R"Us
   Sites or other websites.

   Toys"R"Us may also use this information to analyze and manage its
   businesses. Aggregate or combined data is collected from online and
   offline facilities and may be used to enhance the ability of Toys"R"Us
   to communicate with you and to support business functions such as
   fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication,
   customer service, fraud prevention, and public safety and legal
   functions.

   Sharing Your Personal Information

   With Third Parties: Toys"R"Us may share your personal information with
   third parties, including as set forth below.

   With Other Parts of our Business and our Business Partners: Personal
   information collected by any part or department of Toys"R"Us' business
   will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and may be shared
   with other parts or departments of Toys"R"Us' business and with our
   business partners, including third parties, for use in accordance with
   this Privacy Policy. For a list of apps and developers that Toys"R"Us
   works with, including preloaded apps and developers on the Tabeo
   tablet, click HERE.

   With our Service Providers: Toys"R"Us may share your personal
   information with service providers. Some examples of things service
   providers may do that may involve your personal information are:
     * Authorization of credit card and check transactions, order
       fulfillment, sweepstakes and contests, our rewards program, and
       cobranded or joint product and service promotions.
     * Developing, hosting or maintaining the Toys"R"Us Sites on behalf of
       Toys"R"Us.
     * Warehousing product, personalizing product and performing order
       fulfillment and shipping services on behalf of Toys"R"Us or on your
       behalf and at your request.
     * Aggregating customer information and/or improving customer service.
       We may then share such aggregated information with prospective
       marketing partners and advertisers.

   These service providers are granted access to some or all of your
   personal information as necessary and may use cookies (as defined above
   and below) or other automatic collection technology on our behalf. The
   service providers are contractually restricted in the ways they may use
   your personal information.

   In Connection with Business Transfers: In the event that a store,
   division or part or all of Toys"R"Us (or the assets of a Toys"R"Us
   entity) is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process
   of a potential transaction, customer information will likely be shared
   for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business
   assets.

   To Comply with Laws: Toys"R"Us may also disclose specific information
   when such disclosure appears necessary to comply with the law, a
   subpoena or other litigation process or to protect the interests or
   safety of its visitors and customers, Toys"R"Us employees or others.
   This includes exchanging information with other companies and
   organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

   On Registries and Wish Lists: Registries and Wish Lists are made
   available for viewing by others. If you create your Registry or Wish
   List and elect to make it available online, your information will be
   accessible at Toysrus.com and Babiesrus.com and may be available at
   other sites as well. If you create your Registry or Wish List at
   Toysrus.com or Babiesrus.com, your Registry information may also be
   accessible at the Retail Stores.

    BACK TO TOP

   4. How is my personal information protected?

   Toys"R"Us uses industry-standard security techniques on the Toys"R"Us
   Sites to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
   information collected from you at the Toys"R"Us Sites. When you access
   your account information or transmit personally identifiable data to
   the Toys"R"Us Sites, that information is stored on servers that the
   Toys"R"Us Sites have attempted to secure from unauthorized access or
   intrusion. "Secure Socket Layer" software encrypts personal information
   you transmit to the Toys"R"Us Sites. Toys"R"Us cannot be and is not
   responsible for unauthorized access to information by hackers or others
   who have obtained such access through illegal measures.

   "Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If
   you receive an e-mail that looks like it might be from Toys"R"Us asking
   for your personal information, do not respond. Toys"R"Us would not
   request your password, user name, credit card information, or other
   personal information through e-mail.

    BACK TO TOP

   5. What are my choices regarding how my personal information is
   collected and used?

   Communications from Toys"R"Us. From time to time you may receive
   communications including mailings, telephone calls or e-mails from
   Toys"R"Us with information on products or services, discounts, special
   promotions, upcoming events or other offers from Toys"R"Us or its
   marketing partners. You may opt out of receiving e-mail communications
   by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the e-mail received
   or click here to unsubscribe from future e-mails. It may take us up to
   10 days to complete this process, as permitted by law. You may opt out
   of receiving text messages or SMS communications by texting STOP or
   STOP ALL to the shortcode you are subscribed to (72229 or 78697). You
   may opt out of receiving mailings or telephone calls by contacting us
   at contactus@toysrus.com or by calling 1-800-TOYSRUS (1-800-869-7787)
   or 1-888-BABYRUS (1-888-222-9787) and asking for a customer service
   representative who will instruct you on how you may opt out of
   receiving such communications. Please note that if you request that
   your name be removed from a Toys"R"Us mailing list, your name will be
   removed from all of the mailing lists maintained by Toys"R"Us. In
   addition, your personal information may be retained in the database for
   recordkeeping purposes and for internal research and analysis.

   Interest-based advertising. We participate in interest-based or
   behavioral advertising. This means that you may receive communications,
   special promotions, and see advertising on Toys"R"Us Sites or other
   websites tailored to how you browse or shop on Toys"R"Us Sites or other
   websites. You may also see advertising for Toys"R"Us on other
   advertising on other websites based on your particular interests and
   online activity on Toys"R"Us Sites or other websites. You have the
   choice to tell us not to collect and use this information. Learn more
   about this kind of advertising and how you can opt out by clicking
   here: About "R"Us Advertising

   6. What are cookies and how does Toys"R"Us use them?

   The Toys"R"Us Sites use "cookies," which are small pieces of
   information stored by your browser or other application on your
   computer's browser or hard drive. The cookies are used to connect your
   computer with information stored about your online activity, searches,
   preferences and product purchases both within the same website visit
   and from one visit to the next on Toys"R"Us and/or other websites.
   (Some examples of this data include your account preferences, items
   added to your cart, user specific information on pages accessed,
   searched terms or addresses entered, and previous visits to the site.)
   The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to
   prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the
   browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable
   cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to
   participate in certain activities or receive a promotion tailored to
   you.

   We or our partners may also use Flash cookies (also known as Local
   Stored Objects) or other similar technologies. A Flash cookie is a
   small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar
   technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or
   installed by you to your computer. We use these technologies to
   personalize and enhance your online experience, facilitate processes,
   and personalize and store your settings. Flash cookies may help our
   website visitors to, for example, set volume preference associated with
   a video experience, play games and perform surveys. They help us
   improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to
   customers. They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or
   business partners. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and
   the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove
   Flash cookies. Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage
   settings for Flash cookies. If you disable Flash cookies or other
   similar technologies, please be aware that you may not have access to
   certain features and services that make your online experience more
   efficient and enjoyable.

    BACK TO TOP

   7. How can I update or change my personal information?

   You may update or change your personal information by contacting us at
   contactus@toysrus.com or by calling 1-800-TOYSRUS (1-800-869-7787) or
   1-888-BABYRUS (1-888-222-9787) and asking for a customer service
   representative, who will instruct you on how to update or change your
   personal information. To change your shipping or billing information
   for Toysrus.com or Babiesrus.com orders, log on, select "My Account"
   and make the appropriate changes.

    BACK TO TOP

   8. What is Toys"R"Us' children's privacy policy?

   The Toys"R"Us Sites, including the Tabeo tablet, do not knowingly
   solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from
   children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
   If Toys"R"Us learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted
   personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it
   will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its
   databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where
   necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or
   allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable
   information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us
   at contactus@toysrus.com or by calling 1-800-TOYSRUS (1-800-869-7787)
   or 1-888-BABYRUS (1-888-222-9787).

   Tabeo Tablet

   Third-party apps preloaded or downloaded to the Tabeo may collect your
   child's name, username or screenname, photos, video, or audio
   recordings, geolocation information, and IP address or other persistent
   identifiers. Certain apps may permit in-app purchases or include social
   network features. You should review the privacy policy of each
   application before you allow your child to access or download an app on
   the Tabeo.

   We encourage you to actively use the parental control features of Tabeo
   to monitor and control your child's use of Tabeo, including which apps
   they have access to. You should make sure you keep your parental
   password safe and not give it to your child. If you change your mind
   about an app and want to opt-out of allowing an app to collect
   information, you can block the app at any time through use of the
   parental controls feature of Tabeo. In those circumstances you may also
   want to contact the developer to ask them to not use and/or delete
   prior information collected regarding your child.

   For more information on the preloaded apps available on Tabeo,
   including the privacy policy for a particular app, please contact
   Toys"R"Us at: contactus@toysrus.com. by calling 1-800-TOYSRUS
   (1-800-869-7787) or BABYRUS (1-888-222-9787). or by writing Toys "R"Us
   Customer Service, One Geoffrey Way, Wayne, NJ 07470. You may also
   contact an app developer directly, and a list of the Tabeo preloaded
   apps and developers is available by clicking HERE.

   For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet,
   we recommend that you visit the following sites:
     * business.ftc.gov/privacy-and-security/childrens-privacy
     * www.onguardonline.gov/articles/0012-kids-and-socializing-online
     * www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents

    BACK TO TOP

   9. Linked Sites or Online Services

   The Toys"R"Us Sites may contain links to other sites or online
   services, such as advertising or social media plug-ins and widgets,
   including content from other sites or services that is occasionally
   framed within a Toys"R"Us Site. Other sites and services may collect
   your personal information and information about your use of the
   Toys"R"Us Sites. Moreover, if you access those links, you will leave
   the Toys"R"Us Sites. Toys"R"Us does not control those sites or services
   or their privacy practices, which may be different from this one. You
   should review the privacy policy of any site or online service linked
   to or framed within a Toys"R"Us Site.

    BACK TO TOP

   10. How to contact Toys"R"Us

   If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please
   feel free to call us at 1-800-TOYSRUS (1-800-869-7787) or 1-888-BABYRUS
   (1-888-222-9787).

    BACK TO TOP

   11. Revisions to the Toys"R"Us Privacy Policy

   This Privacy Policy may be updated and revised from time to time, and
   we will post any changes to this policy. You agree that the information
   that we gather now will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at
   the time of use. We may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy
   Policy, but you should check the Toys"R"Us Sites periodically to review
   any changes.

    BACK TO TOP

   12. Your California Privacy Rights

   This privacy policy describes how we may share your information for
   marketing purposes. It applies to all Toys"R"Us customers, including
   California residents:
     * We share information with others as more fully set forth above in
       How does Toys"R"Us use and share personal information?
     * We share your information with other parts of our business and with
       our service providers. See above: How does Toys"R"Us use and share
       personal information?

   You may contact us with any questions, or to request a list of third
   parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and
   the categories of information we may disclose. See above: How to
   contact Toys"R"Us

    BACK TO TOP

   About Toys"R"Us Advertising

   Toys"R"Us may participate in interest-based advertising. Toys"R"Us may
   automatically collect information regarding how you browse websites,
   use apps, play games, and shop in order to enhance your customer
   experience, improve our customer service, and provide you with
   communications and promotions from us or others. The goal of
   interest-based advertising is for Toys"R"Us or its advertising partners
   to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests.

   1. You can choose to tell us not to collect this information and not to
   provide you with interest-based advertising. Note that if you choose to
   opt out, you may continue to see ads on Toys"R"Us websites and receive
   communications from Toys"R"Us, but they will not be based on how you
   browse and shop. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising,
   click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
     * To successfully opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web
       browser. A "cookie" is a small data file transferred by a website
       to your computer's hard drive. Toys"R"Us or its service providers
       send cookies when you surf our sites or sites where our ads appear,
       make purchases, request or personalize information, or register
       yourself for certain services. The "Help" portion of the toolbar on
       most browsers will tell you how to enable or disable cookies.
     * Opting out only applies to your current web browser on your current
       computer. If you use multiple computers or multiple web browsers,
       you must opt out using each one.
     * Once you opt out, if you delete your browser's saved cookies, you
       will need to opt out again.

   2. As an alternative, you can prevent Toys"R"Us from automatic
   collection of some information by disabling cookies on your web
   browser. The "Help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell
   you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or how to
   disable cookies altogether, and the portion of this Privacy Policy
   above regarding "Flash cookie" addresses how to disable other types of
   automatic collection of information for these purposes. Note that some
   information will still be collected unless you opt out as described
   above. Also, note that if you reject cookies from Toys"R"Us Sites
   altogether, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or
   receive a promotion tailored to you.

   3. Some websites may belong to ad networks that use browsing history
   across various websites to choose which ads to display on their sites.
   the displayed ads may include advertising for Toys"R"Us. To learn more
   and opt out of seeing interest-based ads on those websites, you should
   visit the National Advertising Initiative home page:
   http://www.networkadvertising.org. Websites may also offer their own
   opt-out methods for such advertising.

   4. For purposes of this policy, Toys"R"Us includes Toys"R"Us, Inc.,
   Toys"R"Us-Delaware, Inc. and their retail stores and websites in the
   United States. To learn more about how Toys"R"Us uses, protects, and
   shares information, see our full Privacy Policy.
   Privacy Policy for iVillage Inc. Click here
     Employers: Post Jobs | Search Resumes Sign In Help Security
     * Home
     * My CareerBuilder
          + Saved Jobs and Applications
          + Add Resume
          + Fraud Protection
     * Find Jobs
          + Setup Email Alert
          + Advanced Search
          + Company Search
     * Recommendations
     * Add Resumes
          + Resume Writing
     * Advice &. Resources
          + Career Resources
          + Salary Calculator
          + hireINSIDER

   Search Keywords Ex. Registered Nurse or Sales Location Ex. Chicago IL
   or 60607 Save a Search >>. Saved Searches
     *
     *
     *

   Menu Search Sign In Resumes Saved Jobs Saved Searches Send Feedback How
   Much Do You Make?

   Find annual salaries and compare average salary information locally.
   Search now to discover how much you can make.
   Salary Calculator Job TitleEx. Registered Nurse, Sales Manager, etc.
   LocationEx. Chicago IL or 60607 Are you an employer?

   Do you need highly robust compensation data segmentation tools?
   Visit our Compensation Portal
   Help Center



   CareerBuilder

     About Us

     Work at CareerBuilder

     Affiliate Program

     CareerBuilder API

     Advertising Info

     Our Partners

     Privacy

     Fraud

     Terms

     Text Only (508)

     Site Map

     Connect via Social Media
          Mobile Site

   Job Seeker Services

     Salary Calculator

     Management Jobs

     IT &. Engineering Jobs

     Accounting Jobs

     CareerBuilder Mobile

     Entry-Level Jobs

     Retail Jobs

     Restaurant Jobs

     Healthcare Jobs

     Oil and Gas Jobs

     Mining Jobs

     Utility Jobs

   Employers

     Search Resumes

     Post Jobs

     CareerBuilder Talent Networks

     Resource Center

     Advice

     Empowering Employment
   CareerBuilder International
          International Jobs

   Fun Stuff

     Jobology

   © 2014 CareerBuilder, LLC. All rights reserved.

   The following rules govern the use by you of PBS ONLINE®. The rules set
   forth herein apply to all materials, online communications and other
   information that is or becomes available on PBS ONLINE® (collectively,
   "Information"). BY SIGNING ON AND USING PBS ONLINE®, YOU SPECIFICALLY
   AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE RULES AND ANY MODIFICATIONS THERETO.
   1. Personal Uses Permitted.
       PBS ONLINE® is an online information exchange service for use by
       PBS, its Member Stations and the general public. You shall not
       post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way use or
       exploit any Information for commercial purposes or otherwise use
       the Information in a manner that is inconsistent with these rules
       and regulations.
       2. User's Obligation to Abide By Applicable Law.
       In connection with the use of PBS ONLINE®, you shall abide by all
       applicable federal, state or local laws, including those pertaining
       to such areas as libel, slander, defamation, trade libel, product
       disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, tort, obscenity,
       indecency, and copyright or trademark infringement ("Applicable
       Law"). The Information available on PBS ONLINE® may include
       intellectual property that is protected under the copyright,
       trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States
       and/or other countries ("Intellectual Property Laws"). Such
       Intellectual Property Laws generally prohibit the unauthorized
       reproduction, distribution or exhibition of all text, photographic
       and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound samplings and
       other protected materials. The violation of applicable Intellectual
       Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties.
       3. Disclosure of Online Communications.
       You are cautioned that any online communications may not be fully
       confidential. In addition, you should be aware that federal postal
       regulations do not protect electronic mail. You should be aware
       that some administrative personnel of PBS may, in the course of
       their regular duties, have access to communications for technical
       or operational purposes. PBS may also disclose any communications
       to the extent permitted or required by law.
       4. Prohibition Against Rogue Programming.
       You shall not post, transmit or make available in any way through
       PBS ONLINE® any software or other materials which contain a
       computer virus, trojan horse, timebomb, worm or other rogue
       programming ("Rogue Programming"). PBS has no obligation to detect
       the presence of any Rogue Programming. Any downloading of software
       or other materials or any other use of the Information on PBS
       ONLINE® is at your risk, and you are advised to take adequate
       precautions to minimize any loss to your system caused by Rogue
       Programming, including use of anti-virus programs and proper backup
       of files.
       5. Content of Information.
       You are responsible for the content of any Information you put on
       PBS ONLINE®. The Information posted to PBS Online® does not
       necessarily reflect the views of PBS and in no event shall PBS
       assume or have any responsibility or liability for any information
       posted to PBS Online® or for any claims, damages or losses
       resulting from the use and/or appearance of such information on PBS
       Online®. PBS has no obligation to, and does not in the normal
       course, monitor or control any Information that is or becomes
       available on PBS ONLINE®. PBS reserves the right to review any
       Information that is or becomes available on PBS ONLINE®. PBS
       reserves the right to refuse to post or to edit or remove, in whole
       or in part, any Information that is, in PBS's sole discretion,
       unacceptable, undesirable or in violation of these rules. PBS has
       no obligation to exercise such reservation of rights by PBS.
       however, PBS has adopted and implemented a policy respecting the
       copyright law that provides for the termination in appropriate
       circumstances of users of the PBS ONLINE® system or network who are
       repeat infringers. PBS may terminate access for content providers
       or forum participants who are found repeatedly to provide or post
       protected material without necessary rights and permissions. By
       submitting information to PBS, you grant PBS a perpetual,
       royalty-free, worldwide license to use, transmit, copy and display
       such information in any and all media now know or hereinafter
       devised and represent that you have all necessary rights in such
       posting. While PBS strives to provide users with the
       highest-quality related resources on all of its sites, we cannot
       and do not ensure the quality or accuracy of the non-pbs.org
       content to which we link.
       6. Podcasts.
       The MP3 audio files and XML files that together comprise a
       PBS-hosted podcast (herein referred to as the "podcast") are
       protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights to
       podcast(s) originating from the producer, including the content and
       technology included therein, are reserved to the producer.
       PBS-hosted podcast(s) are available for personal, noncommercial use
       only. You may link to PBS podcast(s) from your personal Web site
       and audio files may be downloaded and played on any system for
       personal, noncommercial purposes, provided that, unless permission
       to do so is expressly stated:
       (a) you do not modify or delete any of the podcast content nor
       individual audio files;
       (b) you do not redistribute the MP3 audio files made available as
       part of the podcast nor any audio file downloaded from PBS.org;
       (c) the use or display does not suggest that PBS, local PBS member
       stations nor the producer of the podcast(s) promotes or endorses
       any third party causes, ideas, Web sites, products or services;
       (d) audio files made available for download are not to be
       re-produced, edited, re-transmitted, or in any way repurposed
       without prior consent from the producer and PBS.
       For permission requests, please complete our feedback form and
       select “Submit a Copyright or Permissions Request” from the
       drop-down menu.
       Producers and PBS reserve the right to discontinue providing
       podcast(s) and to require that you cease accessing or using the
       podcast(s) or any elements of the podcast at any time for any
       reason.
       The podcast producer and/or PBS may modify any of the terms and
       conditions contained herein, at any time and at our sole
       discretion, and such terms and conditions will become binding when
       placed online.
       Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort, contract,
       strict liability, or otherwise, shall the podcast producer, PBS,
       nor any local PBS station be liable to you or any other person for
       any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any
       character including, without limitation, damages for lost profits,
       loss of goodwill, work stoppage, accuracy of services, content or
       results, computer failure or malfunction, damages resulting from
       disabling of the services provided as part of the podcast(s).
       7. Disclaimer of Warranties.
       PBS ONLINE® IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF
       ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
       WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
       MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NEITHER PBS
       NOR THE MEMBER STATIONS WARRANT THAT ANY INFORMATION IS COMPLETE OR
       ACCURATE, THAT PBS ONLINE® WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR
       THAT ANY INFORMATION IS FREE OF ROGUE PROGRAMMING.
       8. Limitation of Damages.
       UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL PBS OR THE
       MEMBER STATIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
       SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE
       USE OR INABILITY TO USE PBS ONLINE®, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
       USE OF OR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON PBS ONLINE®,
       INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, DEFECTS, MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, DELETIONS OF
       FILES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, NONDELIVERY OF
       INFORMATION, DISCLOSURE OF COMMUNICATIONS, OR ANY OTHER FAILURE OF
       PERFORMANCE.
       9. Release and Indemnity.
       YOU HEREBY RELEASE AND WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND/OR LIABILITY
       AGAINST PBS AND/OR THE MEMBER STATIONS ARISING FROM OR IN
       CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF PBS ONLINE®. YOU ALSO AGREE TO DEFEND,
       INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS, PBS AND THE MEMBER STATIONS, FROM AND
       AGAINST, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR LIABILITY, INCLUDING COSTS AND
       ATTORNEYS FEES, ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF PBS
       ONLINE® OR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY APPLICABLE LAW.
       10. Modifications.
       These rules may be modified by PBS from time to time and such
       modifications will be binding on you when placed online.
       11. Terms and Conditions for Use of shopPBS.
       Please read the Terms and Conditions for Use of shopPBS Agreement
       carefully before accessing the Service. By accessing the Service,
       you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below.
       12. Terms and Conditions for Use of PBS Club
       Please read the Terms and Conditions for Use of PBS Club Agreement
       carefully before accessing the Service. By accessing the Service,
       you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions listed.

   PBS is committed to protecting the private information of our web site
   visitors.  From the pbs.org homepage to more than 150,000 pages of
   content produced by our affiliates, the "pbs.org" domain remains a safe
   haven.  The PBS.org web site adheres to a strict policy for ensuring
   the privacy of personally identifiable information and preserving the
   integrity of this online medium.  Here we explain the type of
   information collected from PBS.org, how that information may be used,
   how you can access or modify that information, and how that information
   is protected.

   I.  WHICH SITES ARE COVERED BY THIS POLICY?
   This Privacy Policy applies to PBS.org (“Site”).  Please note that our
   Site may contain links to sponsor organizations and PBS Member
   Stations.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those
   web sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any
   organization before submitting your personal information to them.

   II.  WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER?
   PBS collects two types of information from visitors to the Site:  (A)
   Personally Identifiable Information, and (B) Non-personally
   Identifiable Information (information such as IP Addresses and cookies,
   which allow for a better use of the Site). Uses of this information are
   discussed in Section III.

   A.  Personally Identifiable Information
   PBS will not collect personally identifiable information from you,
   other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis upon request.
   Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to,
   name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card
   information.

   Registration for our website:
   Our Site may at times require a free registration, which enables full
   access to the information and resources offered on our Site.  A unique
   email address must be supplied to register.

   Paid Products and Services:
   While the majority of our Site is free, we may charge fees for select
   products and services.  To enable the purchase of these and other
   products, we collect your telephone number, e-mail address, billing
   address and credit card information.

   Support of Member Stations and other public broadcasting entities:
   On certain pages within the Site, PBS may offer visitors the
   opportunity to make a donation in support of public broadcasting
   entities, programs and series, or to order products, subscriptions or
   other services offered by PBS Member Stations.  If a visitor chooses to
   make a donation or order such other products or services, PBS will
   collect and store your telephone number, e-mail address, billing
   address and credit card information.

   Forums, Feedback and Content Submissions:
   On some pages of the Site, you can submit content to be published, make
   community postings, comments, suggestions, and vote.  We may collect
   name, address, and e-mail addresses in connection with these
   activities.

   Your submission of others’ Personally Identifiable Information:
   On some pages of the Site, you can submit information about other
   people.  For example, you may submit a person’s name and email address
   to send an article.  Additionally, you may purchase a gift online and
   submit the person’s name, address and telephone number for delivery.
   This information will only be used for the stated purpose.

   Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers:
   On occasion, we may collect personal information from users in
   connection with optional (i.e., you opt-in to participate in these
   offers) sweepstakes, contests or special offers.  Such information will
   be used as indicated at the time of collection.

   Listservs and E-mail Newsletters:
   On occasion, we may collect personal information from users in
   connection with optional (i.e. you opt-in to subscribe to these
   services) listservs and e-mail newsletters. Such information will be
   used as indicated at the time of collection.

   B.  Non-personally Identifiable Information
   In addition to information that you provide to us, we may also collect
   and store certain non-personally identifiable information automatically
   when using the Site.  This information helps us improve the experience
   you and other visitors have with the Site.

   For example, we may collect your IP address, browser information and
   reference site domain, as well as related information such as the date
   on which you visit the Site.   This information does not identify you
   personally and is only used in the aggregate.

   As is common practice among web sites, we use “cookies” and similar
   technologies.  Cookies are text files which store your preferences.  No
   personal information is ever stored in a PBS cookie, even if you have
   entered your name or email address on other parts of the Site.

   You can generally prevent cookies from being used by changing the
   settings in your web browser, but please be aware that by doing so you
   may be unable to fully utilize the Site.

   III.  HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION GATHERED ON THE SITE?
   Except as expressly set forth in our policies, we will not willfully
   disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party
   without first receiving your permission.  We will never sell, rent, or
   swap your personally identifiable information with non-affiliated third
   parties for their own purposes.

   In terms of our own use of information, we may use your personally
   identifiable information for the activities described in the previous
   sections, and for internal purposes and marketing, promotional and
   fundraising purposes in support of public broadcasting.

   We will typically explain the extent of use at the time you are asked
   to provide personal information.  If you do not want this information
   to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply “opt
   out.”  Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your
   participation in activities for which personal information is needed,
   as in contests.

   In certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services
   on our behalf. These service providers may maintain customer databases
   which may hold Site users’ e-mail addresses, including:
     * viewers, listeners and members;
     * Site visitors who have provided them to PBS by registering at our
       Site or signing up for a newsletter or listserv;
     * audience members who e-mail questions about membership or programs;
     * donors who submit online contributions. or
     * online buyers who make a purchase.

   We (which includes our service providers) will use these addresses to
   respond to the general purposes for which we collected the information,
   to provide services and to operate the Site, including to respond to
   inquiries, to process credit card payments and billing, shipping,
   e-mail distribution, list processing and analysis, promotions
   management, to send information about PBS programs, Site, services,
   membership or to correspond about a purchase or product offers. For
   example, shoppbs.org uses a third party fulfillment agent to manage
   orders, credit card processing, order fulfillment and shipping, and
   related tasks.

   Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable
   information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf.
   They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in
   their possession or control and can only use the information on our
   behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example
   processing your order or sending you a series newsletter. They are not
   authorized to use your information for any other purpose.

   Similarly, personally identifiable information provided in connection
   with a donation intended for a program, series or Member Station, or
   for purposes of ordering products, subscriptions or other services
   offered by the PBS Member Stations, will be shared by PBS or by such
   PBS Member Stations with third parties who perform services to process
   the donation or the applicable order. Also, in transmitting your
   donation or order to the local Member Station PBS may share your
   personally identifiable information with the Member Station for order
   or donation processing.

   At times, we make customer mailing lists available to carefully
   screened companies whose products or services might interest
   individuals who have shopped on the Site. If you prefer that we not
   share your information in this way, please contact us.

   We, or our service providers, may release personal identification
   information if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process
   requires it, we have received a valid administrative request from a law
   enforcement agency, or such release is necessary to protect anyone’s
   rights, property or safety.

   On certain pages, we offer visitors the opportunity to provide comments
   or other user-generated content on blogs and articles.  Any information
   that you disclose when posting a message to these areas, along with the
   screen name or ID used, becomes public.  In addition, the information
   that you disclose in these areas may be used by us for promotional and
   marketing purposes.  We are not responsible for any personally
   identifiable information that you choose to disclose in these public
   areas.

   We reserve the right to send you e-mail relating to your account
   status. This includes order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices,
   notices of credit card problems, other transactional e-mails and
   notifications about major changes to our Site. If you have registered
   for online discussions or other services, you may receive e-mail
   specific to your participation in those activities.

   We offer several e-mail newsletters and listservs. If you no longer
   wish to receive a specific newsletter, you may opt out by following the
   "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter.

   We use non-personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses or
   demographic information (zip codes for example) to tailor our Site to
   the interests/locations of our users and to measure traffic within our
   Site.

   PBS uses the content from the cookies to deliver relevant local
   resources, remember browser preferences, and improve our visitors’
   experiences on the Site.  PBS does not sell information collected by
   cookies nor use the information for commerce-related purposes.  In
   addition, PBS will not filter content based on your preferences without
   permission.

   PBS uses cookies at the following times:
     * A cookie may automatically localize pbs.org to the PBS station
       nearest you.  You can choose to have your computer remember a
       different station or no station at all at any time.
     * If you watch a video clip or listen to an audio clip on pbs.org, a
       cookie may remember which media player and type of clip you prefer
       to use on your computer.  You can change your video and audio
       preferences at any time, or choose a player each time you view of
       listen to a clip.
     * A cookie will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time
       between each page visit.  The cookie does not remember any
       information about you or your computer. it just helps us at PBS
       monitor Site usage and traffic. for example, it allows us to
       measure the number of repeat visitors to pbs.org in a given month.
       This data is only used in the aggregate.

   Additionally, cookies may be used on pay sites to (1) identify the
   terms of any special offers you may have obtained, such as price
   discount or free trial period AND/OR (2) automatically sign you in so
   that you do not have to enter a username and password each time you
   visit.

   IV.  HOW CAN I ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION?
   Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from
   our Site may be accessible for a limited period of time from the point
   of collection, such as where a user provides an e-mail address in order
   to receive an e-mail newsletter or a reminder about an upcoming program
   or event. In other cases, personally identifiable information may be
   maintained, edited and deleted at the user’s discretion at any time
   after the information has been submitted to PBS.  For example, if you
   created a password-protected account within our Site, you may be able
   to access that account to review the information you provided and make
   corrections and updates as necessary.   However this feature is not
   available throughout our Site where the user is not asked to create an
   account.  Therefore, if at any time, you prefer not to receive e-mail
   from a service that you subscribed to without creating a personal
   account, simply get out by following the unsubscribe options at the
   bottom of each e-mail.

   You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street
   address requesting access to or correction of your personally
   identifiable information.  For verification purposes please include
   your first name, last name, e-mail address and the password you use for
   said service.

   PBS.org
   2100 Crystal Drive
   Arlington, VA 22202
   Email us by completing our feedback form
   www.pbs.org

   V.  HOW IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED?
   PBS is committed to ensuring the security of the data provided to us by
   Site users.  To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and
   ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place
   appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect
   the information we collect online.

   VI.  DO YOU HAVE ADDITIONAL CHILDREN’S GUIDELINES?
   PBS.org is a general audience Site and does not knowingly collect or
   store personally identifiable information about children under the age
   of 13.

   Any of our sites that are directed to children under the age of 13
   (e.g., PBSKids site) comply with COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy
   Protection Act) standards, which are in addition to PBS.org policies.
   For complete guidelines on children’s information collection, please
   visit the PBS KIDS PRIVACY POLICY.

   VII.  ACCEPTANCE OF PBS.ORG PRIVACY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
   By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms and
   condition of this pbs.org Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the
   terms and conditions, please do not use the Site.  We reserve the
   right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
   portions of this policy at any time.  Please check this page
   periodically for any changes.  Your continued use of pbs.org following
   the posting of any changes to these terms shall signify your acceptance
   of those changes.  If you have any questions or concerns,
   please contact us.

   VIII. TERMS OF USE
   Please also make sure to read pbs.org’s TERMS OF USE to understand the
   additional terms and conditions which apply to your use of our Site.

   The Privacy Policy posted on this Site was updated on or about May 11,
   2009.


   Byliner Privacy Policy

   Byliner Inc. (“Byliner,” “we,” or “us”) knows that you care how
   information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains
   what information of yours will be collected by Byliner when you use
   Byliner.com or our mobile applications (such as our iPhone app) and
   related services (together, the “Service”), how the information will be
   used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or
   deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with
   anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

   Information We Collect

   You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and email
   address, when you register with the Service. If you correspond with us
   by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email
   address and our responses. In addition, you may choose to add
   information about yourself to your profile that you can then share with
   others.. You can modify or delete your profile setting for this
   information any time in the “Settings” section of the site after you
   have signed in using your personal password.

   Cookies Information

   When you visit Byliner.com, we may send one or more cookies – a small
   text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your
   computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Byliner help
   you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A
   cookie does not collect personal information about you. Byliner uses
   both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie
   remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent
   cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
   Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s
   directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you
   close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all
   cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some
   features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to
   accept cookies is disabled.

   In addition, we may send one or more cookies when you open any emails
   sent by or on behalf of Byliner. Cookies may be used to later target
   advertising to you – including advertising serviced on third party
   networks. For example, if you open an email sent by us, then we may
   later serve you a Byliner advertisement while you are on Facebook.

   Information Collected From Other Websites and Do Not Track Policy

   Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect
   information about your online activity after you leave our Services.
   Just like any other usage information we collect, this information
   allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience,
   and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Your browser may
   offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to
   operators of websites and web applications and services (including
   behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to
   track certain of your online activities over time and/or across
   different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests
   at this time, which means that we collect information about your online
   activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our
   Services.

   Google Analytics Notice

   We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by
   Google, Inc. (“Google”), including the features for demographics and
   interests reporting. You can find out more about this service at
   http://www.google.com/analytics. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which
   are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how
   users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your
   use of the website (including your IP address, which we do not link to
   any personally identifiable information) will be transmitted to and
   stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this
   information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website,
   compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other
   services to us relating to website activity and internet usage. Google
   may also transfer this information to third parties where required to
   do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on
   Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any
   other data held by Google. You can configure your browser software to
   disable the use of cookies but this may prevent you from making full
   use of our website. You can also stop being tracked by Google Analytics
   across all websites by going to Google’s site at:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

   Log File Information

   Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each
   time you access a web page. When you register with or view our site,
   our servers automatically record certain information that your web
   browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may
   include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”)
   address, browser type, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks,
   domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

   Clear Gifs Information

   When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web
   Beacons), which are used to track the online usage patterns of our
   users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your
   Byliner account is collected using these clear gifs. In addition, we
   may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track
   which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to
   enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our
   marketing, and make Byliner better for our users.

   How We Use Your Information

   We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and
   provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. Byliner
   never discloses your personal information to any third party unless you
   have instructed us to do so.

   Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for
   posting to the Service (for instance, in User Content you post) becomes
   available to the public via the Service and our business partners. User
   Content includes, but is not limited to, reviews, and comments. If you
   remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived
   pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content.

   Byliner takes reasonable measures to keep messages that you send to
   other Members through the Service private between you and the
   recipient. However, even if you have deleted the message from your
   Byliner inbox or outbox, copies of the message may remain viewable in
   cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored the
   message.

   By providing Byliner your email address you consent to our using the
   email address to send you Service-related notices, including any
   notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We
   may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as
   newsletters, changes to features of the Service, or special offers. If
   you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by
   clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of Byliner’s newsletter. Opting
   out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates,
   improvements, or offers. You may not opt out of Service-related emails.

   Your name and, depending on privacy settings, email address, are used
   when you invite another person to join Byliner, or when you request to
   add another member to your friends list.

   Byliner may use certain information about you and/or your User Content
   without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this
   for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing
   service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing
   advertisements and promotions.

   Byliner may develop special sites in cooperation with other companies.
   If you register at these “co-branded” sites, we may share your
   registration information (such as name and email address) with that
   company.

   Byliner reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User
   Content you post on the site. Byliner has the right to remove any such
   information or material for any reason or no reason, including without
   limitation, if in its sole opinion, such information or material
   violates, or may violate, any applicable law or our Terms of Use
   Agreement or to protect or defend its rights or property or those of
   any third party. Byliner also reserves the right to remove information
   upon the request of any third party.

   We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember
   information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit
   or the next time you visit the site. (b) provide custom, personalized
   content and information. (c) target and re-target advertising on the
   Byliner service as well as third party services. (d) monitor the
   effectiveness of our service. (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as
   total number of visitors and traffic. (f) diagnose or fix technology
   problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with
   the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP. and (g)
   help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.

   How We Share Your Information

   Byliner will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information
   to others. Byliner may share your personally identifiable information
   with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you.
   If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be
   bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in
   locations outside the direct control of Byliner (for instance, on
   servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).

   As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business
   offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of
   the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may
   also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures,
   mergers, or dissolution.

   Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Byliner will
   not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to
   do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary
   to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or
   our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
   suspected or actual illegal activities. (b) to enforce our Terms of
   Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend
   ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist
   government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or
   integrity of our site. and (c) to exercise or protect the rights,
   property, or personal safety of Byliner, our users or others.

   We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous
   usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of
   clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the
   usage patterns for certain Byliner services.

   Byliner allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad
   networks, to serve advertisements on the Byliner site. These
   third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly
   to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Byliner.
   They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may
   also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web
   Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to
   personalize the advertising content.

   Byliner does not provide any personally identifiable information to
   these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.
   However, please note that if an advertiser asks Byliner to show an
   advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that
   advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit
   the description of the audience they are trying to reach.

   You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party
   ad servers or ad networks. The Byliner privacy policy does not apply
   to, and we cannot control the activities of, such advertisers.

   How We Protect Your Information

   Byliner uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and
   technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your
   personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the
   security of any information you transmit to Byliner and you do so at
   your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information,
   Byliner makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of
   our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that
   such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed
   by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

   To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as
   requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting
   you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the
   secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for
   controlling access to your email communications from Byliner, at all
   times.

   Compromise of Personal Information

   In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a
   breach of security, Byliner will promptly notify those persons whose
   personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the
   notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as
   otherwise required by applicable law.

   Your Choices About Your Information

   You may access or change your information and preferences at any time
   in your Settings area once you have signed in with your personal
   password. You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable
   information through Byliner, in which case Byliner may not be able to
   provide certain services to you.

   Children’s Privacy

   Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For
   that reason, Byliner does not knowingly collect or solicit personal
   information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such
   persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not send any
   information about yourself to us, including your name, address,
   telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to
   provide any personal information to or on Byliner. In the event that we
   learn that we have collected personal information from a child under
   age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
   information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have
   any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.

   Links to Other Web Sites

   We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked
   to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained
   therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web
   site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect.
   Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including those
   that have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own
   rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before
   proceeding.

   Notification Procedures

   It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications
   are required by law or are for marketing or other business related
   purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or
   through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Website page, as
   determined by Byliner in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to
   determine the form and means of providing notifications to you,
   provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as
   described in this Privacy Policy.

   Changes to Our Privacy Policy

   If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those
   changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we
   collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
   Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on
   this page.

   The date of the most recent update to this Privacy Policy is December
   12, 2013.

   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of
   this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please email
   hello@byliner.com, or send mail to:

   Customer Care
   Byliner Inc.
   594 Howard Street, Suite 400
   San Francisco, CA 94105
     * FAQ
     * Privacy Policy
     *

   Our Privacy Policy
     *
     *
     *

   Privacy is something to share PrivacyFix is not affiliated with
   Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Google.
     *
     *

     * FAQ
     * Support
     * Terms
     * Cookies

   Android™ is a trademark of Google, Inc. Facebook® is a trademark of
   Facebook, Inc., registered in the United States and in other countries.
   Chrome® is a trademark of Google, Inc. LinkedIn® is a registered
   trademark of LinkedIn corporation and its affiliates in the US and
   other countries. Twitter® is a trademark of Twitter, Inc., registered
   in the United States and in other countries. Firefox® is a trademark of
   the Mozilla Foundation. iOS® is a trademark of Cisco in the US and is
   used by Apple under license. Internet Explorer is a trademark of
   Microsoft. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy

   InfoSpace, LLC ("InfoSpace") owns and operates a number of different
   sites on the Web (each, an "InfoSpace Site"). InfoSpace is strongly
   committed to protecting the privacy of its user community. The intent
   of this privacy policy is to detail the information InfoSpace may
   gather about individuals who visit the InfoSpace Sites, how that
   information is used, and InfoSpace's disclosure practices. Please note
   that this policy applies only to the InfoSpace Sites, and not to the
   Web sites of other companies or organizations to which we provide links
   or to any software that may be downloaded from the InfoSpace Sites.
   Anonymous User Information

   InfoSpace collects some anonymous information each time you visit an
   InfoSpace Site so we can improve the overall quality of your online
   experience. We collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and
   platform type. You do not have to register with InfoSpace before we can
   collect this anonymous information.

   The InfoSpace Sites do not require you to share information that
   identifies you personally, such as your name or e-mail address, in
   order for you to use the InfoSpace Sites. The InfoSpace Sites assign an
   anonymous ID number to your requests and links the following additional
   data to that number: the date and time you visited the InfoSpace Site,
   your search terms, and the links upon which you choose to click. Like
   most standard Web site servers, we use log files to collect and store
   this anonymous user information. InfoSpace analyzes the information to
   examine trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the
   aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
   Individual User Information

   From time-to-time the InfoSpace Sites request information from you that
   may identify you personally in addition to the anonymous information
   described above. The requested information typically includes contact
   information (such as name, e-mail address, shipping address, and zip
   code), and demographic information (such as age, gender, occupation,
   and household income). InfoSpace will not use or disclose your
   individual user information except as described in this privacy policy.
   InfoSpace collects individual user information in the following ways
   from different InfoSpace Sites:
   Surveys or Contests

   From time to time, InfoSpace may conduct surveys or contests on an
   InfoSpace Site. Participation in these surveys or contests is
   completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to
   disclose individual user information to the InfoSpace Site. Contest
   information will be shared with the contest or survey sponsors to
   notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used
   for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the
   InfoSpace Site. We may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or
   contests. These companies may use your personal information to help the
   InfoSpace Site communicate with you about offers from the InfoSpace
   Site and our marketing partners. Such third parties do not have
   InfoSpace's permission to use your personally identifiable information
   for any secondary purpose.
   Go2Net.com Registration

   The InfoSpace Site located at www.go2net.com offers customization
   capabilities. To register, you must provide InfoSpace with your name,
   zip code, e-mail address, birth date, gender, and income range. While
   not all of this data is required for our services to function, we are
   better able to customize your experience if you volunteer complete and
   accurate information. Users who complete the registration process are
   given a Go2Net ID and can take full advantage of the Go2Net
   customization capabilities.
   Directory Services

   InfoSpace offers certain personalization services within its directory
   services (i.e., White Pages and Yellow Pages) that enable you to give
   us your geographic location so we can remember it for you when you
   return to use our service. For example, if we know that you are
   searching from Bellevue, Washington for a particular company, we will
   pre-populate the city and state fields with Bellevue and Washington.
   While you are not required to use this feature of the directory
   services, the information enables us to provide you with a more
   efficient experience on the InfoSpace Sites. In addition, InfoSpace
   allows you to update, correct any errors in the listings, or include
   yourself in the directory services. In order to make these
   modifications, you may provide InfoSpace with certain individual user
   information that InfoSpace will use, along with its affiliates and
   third party service providers, to modify and update your information in
   the directory services database.

   Yellow Pages listings are supplied by Verizon SuperPages. To add or
   update your existing free basic Yellow Pages listing, please go to the
   following web site:
   https://snap.superpages.com/NASApp/Listing/control/ViewListing. To
   delete your listing, please call the customer service department at
   1-800-428-8722 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 1-800-428-8722
   end_of_the_skype_highlighting, stay on the line without pushing any
   prompts, and a representative will assist you.

   Once you have located it, simply click the update or remove link. To
   verify your request, InfoSpace will send an e-mail message to the
   address that you provide. Once you confirm the request, your listing
   will be updated or deleted. Please allow approximately 24 hours for the
   update to become active after we receive your confirmation.
   User Groups

   When you register for a user group on any of the InfoSpace Sites, you
   are asked for your individual user information. The individual user
   information may be collected and stored by a third party partner. This
   partner will store your individual user information on their servers
   for a period of time at which InfoSpace will assume such storage
   responsibilities and your information will be deleted from their
   servers. The partner will not have InfoSpace's permission to use your
   individual user information for secondary purposes. If you choose to
   participate in a user group, your individual user information will be
   used to qualify you and to contact you for various projects at
   InfoSpace's discretion. InfoSpace may share your individual user
   information with a third party with whom InfoSpace has entered into an
   agreement to support such user group projects. You may opt out at any
   time by following the opt out provisions of this privacy policy.
   Tell-A-Friend

   If you elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about
   any of our sites, we ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address.
   InfoSpace will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting
   them to visit the InfoSpace Site. InfoSpace does not store the
   information related to your friends and the one-time e-mail sent
   pursuant to your input will be our only contact with that person for
   such input.
   Correspondence

   If you contact InfoSpace, we may keep a record of that correspondence
   and we may collect your e-mail address.
   Third Party Information Gathering

   The InfoSpace Sites include content and ads from third parties that may
   perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. For
   more information about each third party content provider, cookies, and
   how to "opt-out", please refer to such third party advertiser's privacy
   policy.

   The InfoSpace Sites contain links to other sites on the Web. Please be
   aware that InfoSpace is not responsible for the privacy practices of
   such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave
   our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site
   that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
   statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
   Cookies

   InfoSpace may set and access InfoSpace or partner cookies on your
   computer. A cookie is a small data file that a Web site may send to
   your browser and which may then be stored on your system. We use both
   session cookies and persistent cookies. For the session cookie, once
   you close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent
   cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive for an extended
   period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet
   browser help file directions.

   We use cookie and web beacon technology to track which pages on the
   InfoSpace Sites our visitors view and which Web browsers our visitors
   use. We may also use cookies to help us provide personalized features
   and preferences to you within various InfoSpace Sites in a way that may
   be linked to individual user information that you elect to share with
   us. We also use "action tags" to assist in delivering the cookie. These
   action tags allow us to compile statistics and other data about our
   customers on an aggregate basis, by embedding a random identifying
   number on each user's browser. Then we track where that number shows up
   on our site.
   Sharing

   Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to
   disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a
   good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a
   current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order,
   or legal process served on our Web site. We may also share your
   personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to
   investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
   suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
   safety of any person, violations of InfoSpace's or such InfoSpace
   Site's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

   InfoSpace Sites may use third party service providers to serve ads and
   e-mails on our behalf. These companies may use technologies to measure
   the effectiveness of ads and e-mails and use information about your
   visits to the InfoSpace Site so that we can provide a better search
   experience to you. For this purpose, we may also provide these third
   party service providers anonymous information about your site
   navigation.
   Mergers. Business Transitions

   In the event InfoSpace goes through a business transition, such as a
   merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its
   assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of
   the assets transferred.
   Choice/Opt-out

   We desire to keep you in control of the personal information you
   provide to us. Accordingly, you can review, correct, change or remove
   the personal registration information you provide to InfoSpace and that
   InfoSpace controls. In order to elect not to receive future
   communications from us, please Contact us
   Notification of Changes

   If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
   to this privacy statement in places we deem appropriate so our users
   are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and
   under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

   If, however, we are going to use Individually Identifiable Information
   in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we
   will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
   Special Notification with respect to Children's Privacy (Users under
   the age of 13)

   In response to concerns about protecting children's privacy online,
   Congress enacted the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998
   ("COPPA"), which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in
   which Web sites may collect, use and disclose any personal information
   for children under the age of 13. In accordance with InfoSpace policy
   and COPPA regulations, we DO NOT:
     * Request or knowingly collect personally identifiable information
       online or offline contact information from users under 13 years of
       age. or
     * Knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13
       years of age with third parties;

   It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information
   given to us or pertaining to children under 13. If we are notified of
   this, as soon as we verify the information, we will immediately delete
   the information from our servers

   Questions regarding children's privacy should be directed to:
   InfoSpace, LLC
   10900 NE 8th Street, Suite 800
   Bellevue, Washington 98004 USA
   + (1) 425.201.6100 phone
   + (1) 425.201.6150 fax

   E-mail: Contact us

   Policy effective October 8, 2013

   Last updated: May 2, 2014

   IMPORTANT NOTICE: Sprint's opt-in Mobile Advertising program, which
   allows Sprint to use information it collects to provide service to you
   to make the ads you see on your device more relevant, and Sprint's
   opt-out Reporting and Analytics program, which creates and shares
   certain business and marketing reports, are governed by this privacy
   policy. We do not share any information that identifies you personally
   under either of these programs. For detailed information on these
   programs and to learn how to opt in or out, please visit
   sprint.com/privacy.
   (En Español)
   Sprint Corporation Privacy Policy

   This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Sprint Corporation
   ("Sprint") will collect, access, use or disclose your personal
   information. It applies to all of our products, services, and web sites
   ("Services"). A few of our Services are covered by different privacy
   policies and in the event of a conflict between the two, the product or
   service specific policy governs. For example, we may have a separate
   policy or agreement for certain products, services or brands. Our
   collection, access, use, disclosure and safeguarding of your personal
   information is subject to U.S. law.

     * INFORMATION COLLECTED
     * USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
     * INFORMATION WE SHARE
     * NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITY
     * INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
     * CHILDREN
     * CONTACTING US
     * UPDATING THIS POLICY
     * YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
     * INTERNATIONAL DATA PRIVACY POLICY

   INFORMATION COLLECTED

   We collect personal information about you in various ways. We may also
   get information from other sources, including from affiliates, and may
   combine it with information we collect about you. Personal information
   does not include information that is not used to identify you,
   including aggregate or anonymous information.

   Information you give us. The personal information we collect includes
   information you give us, such as name, postal address, telephone
   number, e-mail address, date of birth, social security number or other
   government identification number, demographics, activities, location
   information, and personal preferences. You may give us information in a
   variety of ways, including when you sign up for Services, communicate
   with customer care or register on www.sprint.com.

   Information that we automatically collect. We automatically receive
   certain types of information whenever you use our Services. We may
   collect information about your device such as the type, version of
   operating system, signal strength, whether it is on and how it is
   functioning, as well as information about how you use the device and
   services available through it, such as your call and data usage and
   history, your location, web sites you have visited, applications
   purchased, applications downloaded or used, and other similar
   information. We may link information we automatically collect with
   personal information, such as information you give us at registration
   or check out. We may use systems or tools to follow your use of our
   Services and other applications, including using cookies, web beacons
   and other mechanisms, along with analysis of network and device
   information. For example, we allow collection by analytic service
   provider(s) of site click-stream and cookie data to help us track
   aggregate and individual use of our Services. We sometimes use cookies
   to enable features on our sites, such as the ability to save your
   shopping cart or set preferences. Advertisers and advertising networks
   that serve ads on our sites may also use their own mechanisms,
   including cookies. These third party cookies or tools are governed by
   the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads and are not
   subject to this Policy.

   Back to top
   USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

   We use your personal information for a variety of purposes, including
   providing you with Services. We use your personal information to do
   things like:

     * Process your orders.
     * Protect our rights and property and those of our customers.
     * Respond to legal process and emergencies.
     * Develop or inform you of new products and services.
     * Anonymize or aggregate personal information for various purposes
       like market analysis or traffic flow analysis and reporting.
     * Monitor, evaluate or improve our products, Services, systems, or
       networks.
     * Customize or personalize your experience with our Services.
     * Customize or personalize online advertising to bring you
       information about products and services of Sprint or others that
       may interest you, including co-branded offers.

   Back to top
   INFORMATION WE SHARE

   We do not share information that identifies you personally with third
   parties other than as follows:

   Affiliates. We may share personal and non-personal information with
   affiliated entities for approved business purposes.

   Service Providers. We may share personal information with third parties
   who perform services on our behalf.

   Group Account Holders. We offer group accounts to business and
   government customers, family customers and other group account holders
   ("Group Accounts"). The account holder for Group Accounts is the entity
   or person that buys the service or product for its employees, family
   members or other authorized users. You (as the user of a device) may
   receive service, certain pricing, terms or other benefits through a
   Group Account with us. If so, we may share with that Group Account
   holder customer registration and other information related to your use
   of our services.

   Third Party Verification Services. We may share limited personal
   information (e.g., address, phone number) with non-Sprint entities to
   assist with identity verification, and to prevent fraud and identity
   theft.

   Other Third Parties with Your Consent. We may share information with
   other third parties with your consent. For example, you may agree to
   our sharing your information with other third parties to hear about
   their products and services. Use of the information you agree to share
   will be subject to those third parties' separate privacy policies.

   Disclosures to Third Party Application and Service Providers. You may
   choose to use services and products offered by third parties through
   our Services or devices such as third party applications. When you
   leave our network you may also use mobile roaming services provided by
   third parties. Your use of such services and applications may result in
   these third parties collecting your personal information and obtaining
   information from Sprint, including location information (when
   applicable). You may also choose to give personal information directly
   to third parties when using our Services. In each case, personal
   information you give a third party will be subject to its terms,
   conditions, and policies—not this policy. You should review a third
   party's privacy policy and terms of service before providing your
   information or using the service.

   Business Transfers. Personal information about you may be disclosed as
   part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets or transition
   of service to another provider. In the unlikely event of an insolvency,
   bankruptcy or receivership, personal information may also be
   transferred as a business asset.

   Protection of Sprint and Others. We may access, monitor, use or
   disclose your personal information or communications to do things such
   as:

     * comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process.
     * protect the rights or property of us, our agents, members, our
       customers, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies
       and terms of use;
     * respond to emergencies;
     * initiate, render, bill, and collect for services. or
     * facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes, fees, or
       other obligations due to a local, state, or federal government
       requirement. or determine eligibility for government benefits.

   We may share information that is de-identified or in an aggregated form
   that does not directly identify you. We share de-identified or
   aggregate information for purposes such as to:

     * Conduct market or traffic flow analysis and reporting or produce or
       facilitate production by others of business and marketing reports
       to share with third parties. For example, we may aggregate customer
       information across a particular region and create a report showing
       that 10,000 subscribers from a given city visited a sports stadium.
       If you do not wish for us to use your information to produce
       de-identified and aggregated data sets in the reports we share with
       third parties, you may opt out at any time. See sprint.com/privacy
       for details.
     * With your opt-in consent only, customize or personalize advertising
       based on information we collect about your use of your wireless
       device in order to provide wireless service to you. For example, we
       may use information about your mobile web browsing or use of mobile
       applications to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests,
       and we may share de-identified information about your use of your
       device with third parties so that they can tailor advertising to
       your interests based on that information. To participate in this
       program, you must opt in. See sprint.com/privacy for details on how
       to do so.

   Back to top
   NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITY

   We maintain a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural
   safeguards. These safeguards help protect your personal information
   from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and
   destruction. Be sure to use a strong password to access your
   information on Sprint.com and not one you use for other services. You
   can learn more about how you can protect your information by reviewing
   our privacy FAQs.

   Back to top
   INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES

   We offer you choices regarding how we contact you for marketing-related
   communications and whether we use information regarding your online or
   mobile web activities for marketing purposes. We also offer you choices
   regarding the use of de-identified information to make ads you see on
   your mobile device more relevant and to produce or facilitate
   production of business and marketing reports shared with third parties.
   Visit sprint.com/privacy to learn about your choices and how to
   register your privacy preferences with us.

   As described above, we work with advertisers and advertising networks
   that serve ads on our sites and that may use cookies, web beacons and
   other technologies to collect information about your use of our sites
   and other websites. This information may be used to, among other
   things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain
   content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on
   other websites and better understand your online activity. To find out
   more about targeted advertising and/or to "opt out" of automatic
   collection of information for this purpose, visit
   http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.

   You also may register a do-not-contact request by calling Sprint
   customer care or sending an email to officeofprivacy@sprint.com. If you
   register a do-not-contact request, we still may contact you for
   non-promotional purposes, such as emails or wireless messages related
   to your accounts or our ongoing business relations. For details on
   Sprint’s do-not-contact practices, including how we honor consumer and
   business customer do-not-contact requests, please visit
   sprint.com/privacy.

   If you disable cookies on your Internet browser, you also may stop some
   collection and use of data when you visit our web sites. If you would
   like to change certain Sprint account information, you may create an
   online account and manage your account online. For more information,
   visit www.sprint.com.

   Back to top
   CHILDREN

   You must be 18 or otherwise have legal capacity to subscribe to Sprint
   services. Nevertheless, as part of the Unlimited, My Way Student
   Promotion, a parent or legal guardian may provide a Sprint device to a
   child under the age of 13. In such cases, Sprint takes steps to
   minimize the data it collects from Sprint applications on the device
   and provides parents resources to control the information children can
   share with other parties. In some instances, a parent may be able to
   review or request deletion of the personal information collected from a
   child's device, or take steps to prevent further collection of such
   information. If you have any questions about Sprint's policies for
   student phones or about how to control the information collected on
   them from users under 13, or if you wish to correct or delete any
   personal information provided to Sprint on a student phone used by a
   child under 13, you can contact us using the contact information below.
   You may also control the content your child may access by logging into
   sprint.com/manage, and reviewing the My Preferences tab.

   Back to top
   CONTACTING US

   If you have any questions about, or complaints that concern, this
   Policy, please call us at Sprint or email us at
   officeofprivacy@sprint.com. If you prefer, you also may write us at
   Office of Privacy -Legal Department, Sprint, P.O. Box 4600, Reston,
   Virginia 20195. To send us a legal notice relating to this Policy, send
   it to Our Legal Notices Address listed in, and by the method specified
   in, the Acceptable Use Policy.

   Back to top
   UPDATING THIS POLICY

   We may change this Policy at any time. When we change the Policy we
   will give notice by changing the date it was last updated or as
   required by law.

   Back to top
   YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

   Sprint shares personal information between Sprint affiliates and
   marketing agents for marketing purposes. We do not share your personal
   information with unaffiliated third parties for their own independent
   marketing purposes without your consent. California residents may
   request the categories of personal information Sprint shared with its
   affiliates during the previous calendar year, if any. To make your
   request, send an email to officeofprivacy@sprint.com. Written requests
   may be sent to the Office of Privacy -Legal Department, Sprint, P.O.
   Box 4600 Reston, VA 20195. Sprint will respond to these requests within
   30 days. Requests that come to Sprint by other means may result in a
   delayed response.

   Back to top
   INTERNATIONAL DATA PRIVACY POLICY

   Our International Data Privacy Policy informs you about our practices
   and policies regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer,
   storage, and processing of personal information collected outside the
   United States in connection with Services offered by Sprint, its
   subsidiaries, affiliates, and agents.

   Back to top
   Privacy Policy

   We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect,
   use, share and protect your information.

   This Privacy Policy tells you:
     * What information we collect
     * How we use that information
     * How we may share that information
     * How we protect your information
     * Your choices regarding your personal information

   This Policy applies to BestBuy.com, Best Buy stores and other locations
   under the Best Buy name. This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy
   brands such as Future Shop (FutureShop.ca), Best Buy Canada
   (BestBuyCanada.ca), Magnolia Audio Video (Magnoliaav.com), Geek Squad
   (GeekSquad.com), Pacific Sales (PacificSales.com), or Jiangsu Five Star
   Appliance Co. (Five-Star.cn), among others, each of which may have
   their own privacy policies. We may post additional information if more
   details are needed to explain our privacy practices.
   Information We Collect

   Information You Give Us
   We collect and store information you provide through our websites,
   mobile applications, or in our stores. For example, we collect
   information from you when you place an order, create an account, call
   us with a question, create a List, write a review, or use any of our
   services.

   The information we collect from you includes things like:
     * Your name
     * Your mailing address
     * Your e-mail address
     * Your phone number
     * Your credit card number and other payment information
     * Your driver's license number
     * Credit application information, such as your Social Security number
     * Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal
       interests and product preferences

   It may also include information you give us about other people, such as
   the name and address of a gift recipient, or the name and contact info
   of a Friends &. Family Pickup person.

   Information from Other Sources
   We may also receive information about you from other sources, including
   third parties that help us update, expand and analyze our records and
   identify new customers.

   Automated Online Information Collection
   We collect information related to your interactions with our websites
   and apps to create a superior, personalized shopping experience,
   whether you are online or in our stores. This information includes your
   IP address, browsing behavior while on our website, browser and device
   characteristics, and referring URLs. This information is collected and
   stored using a variety of common technologies, including various types
   of cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and tags. Learn more about
   managing cookies, Flash cookies, and other automated online information
   collection. These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a
   particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites,
   and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with
   us in our stores.

   Our websites and mobile applications are not designed to respond to "do
   not track" requests from browsers.

   To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you, we may
   permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process
   information on our websites using the technologies described above. We
   also may share personal information with those providers. We may have
   similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. Interest-based
   advertising is covered in more detail below.

   Location Information
   Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain
   information such as the type of mobile device you're using or your
   specific location to help you search for one of our stores. To allow
   any application to identify your location, you must enable this
   functionality through your mobile device's settings to allow the use of
   technologies such as Wi-Fi, GPS signals, cell tower position, or other
   technologies. Best Buy has no control over your device's settings.

   Store Cameras
   Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational
   purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and
   improving our business.

   Public Forums
   Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You
   should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be
   read, collected, and used by others who access them.
   How We Use the Information We Collect

   We use the information we collect for things like:
     * Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or
       information
     * Processing returns, exchanges and layaway requests
     * Tracking and confirming online orders
     * Delivering or installing products
     * Managing our My Best Buy™ program
     * Marketing and advertising products and services
     * Conducting research and analysis
     * Establishing and managing your accounts with us
     * Communicating things like special events, sweepstakes, promotions
       and surveys
     * Processing Best Buy credit card or My Best Buy™ MasterCard
       applications
     * Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and
       offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on
       your interactions with us in our stores and online
     * Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others, such as
       enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend
     * Operating, evaluating and improving our business

   Data Retention
   We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or
   as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations,
   resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
   How We Share the Information We Collect

   Best Buy does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to
   third parties.

   Best Buy Co., Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies
   ("Best Buy"), and as such, if you provide information to any of the
   businesses, stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy, this
   information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy
   Co., Inc. entities, including affiliates and subsidiaries and will be
   governed by each of their privacy policies, as applicable.

   We may share your information with third parties to perform services on
   our behalf such as:
     * Fulfilling orders
     * Delivering packages
