The purpose of this statement is to set out the purposes for which, and the manner in which, we may collect and use personal information that we may obtain about you.
By either registering as a user of any services provided by Argos on this website and/or by using the Argos website generally you consent and agree to this use by us.
Argos does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 18.
If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the Argos website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.
1.
When you register and use this site:
You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details.
We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise.
We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
Some of our services will require further details.
For example, when using the Gift list service, this will require further information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your chosen guests to see your list details.
In addition, we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies below).
2.
We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us: (a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold with us.
(b) to administer our website services.
(c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.g.
product, home and motor, financial and travel services.
(d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment.
(e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g.
(market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.
(f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and/or services which we think will interest you from the information we have.
(g) we may keep you informed of such products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties, insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods: 
Email
Telephone (including automated calls)
SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging
Post
Or otherwise
 (h) to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
4.
We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
In particular we will carry out searches with credit reference agencies.
8.
Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together with other customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for complaint resolution.
Disclosure of your information
9.
We may give information about you to the following companies and organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above: (a) to other companies in the Group.
(b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future.
(c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.
(d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions.
(e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you.
(f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
11.
In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area.
Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data.
Cookies
24.
To change any of your registered details on argos.co.uk, click on 'Sign in' and enter your login name and password.
Once logged in change any of the details shown and click 'update my details'.
For further information about shopping on argos.co.uk, please read our Terms and conditions and Home delivery information.
Contact Us
Other information.
If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you're using.
We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
If you use our mobile app, we may collect your GPS location or your device's unique identifier.
We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using, or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running.
We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information from you passively.
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons.
To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here.
We get information about you from third parties.
For example, if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications.
The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you.
This could include your name and email address.
Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information for marketing purposes.
For example, we might send you information about special promotions or offers.
We might also tell you about new features or products.
These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting.
Or, for example, if you buy tickets from us we'll enroll you in our newsletter.
We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events.
To learn about your choices for these communications, read the choices section below.
You can modify information you have given us.
To correct or delete information or update account settings, log into your account and follow the instructions.
We make changes as soon as we can.
This information may stay in our backup files.
If we cannot make the changes you want, we will let you know and explain why.
If you contact us requesting access to your information, we will respond within 30 days.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business.
We also keep information to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and as otherwise required by law.
We store information both in and outside of the United States.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino collect certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and fulfill online entries.
For example, we need your full name, postal and email address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won and notify you about any updates or changes to our sites.
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others.
From time to time, we may post customer testimonials on our web sites which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name.
If the testimonial contains personally identifiable information, we do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting these testimonials.
We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino.
Such information is collected to process and fulfill online entries.
For example, we need your full name, postal and email address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won, and notify you about any updates or changes to our site.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day of the numbers you have chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or the number of Diamonds earned at PCHslots.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day that you play, of the numbers you submitted for the Last Chance Drawing and the current number of Jackpot balls you possess and when they expire.
We may also forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We may utilize the services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
We may also request additional information about the offers and services on our sites.
We gather this data in order to better understand our users' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information.
You may use the AdChoices widget to tell your friends about the site, you will need to provide your friends email address to tell them about the site.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino have no access to this third party information, please read AdChoices privacy policy to learn more about their privacy practices.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino disclose user information in aggregate form to marketing partners.
For example, we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited our sites over a period of time, but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer, unless that user has given us permission to do so.
We forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We utilize the services of and disclose user information to our service providers and subcontractors for purposes of collecting information on our behalf and for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
Unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection, we will not share personally identifiable information with marketing partners.
Visitors who do not want to hear about PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino opportunities may follow the simple unsubscribe procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on each site's registration and/or entry page.
If an opt out is not submitted, we may notify users by email about special opportunities, drawings, contests, and events.
In the event of a merger, acquisition, or change of control, customer data would be considered a business asset and may be transferred.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.
We may also disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the safety and security of our users.
We have implemented a number of security features throughout our sites that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online.
For example, database information is firewall protected.
Also, only authorized personnel and approved service providers have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users.
While we strive to create secure and reliable sites for our users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed.
Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without their consent.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino are not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction.
United collects and maintains personally identifiable information about customers through our websites and through offline transactions such as over the telephone, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent, and in person at United counters or at United Club locations.
Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, passport number, credit card numbers, phone numbers, and email addresses.
In addition, when you use our websites, certain user information and site activity data is collected.
Further details on the information we collect is described below.
MileagePlus information
When you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone numbers, email addresses, MileagePlus number, password and a password reminder.
Traveler profile information
When you enroll in MileagePlus or activate your MileagePlus account, an optional traveler profile can be created for your convenience.
You are not required to complete a profile to use our websites for your reservations.
In order to complete your traveler profile, the following information may be requested: credit card type, number, expiration date and billing address, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.
Online purchases
It is not required that you be a MileagePlus member, activate your MileagePlus account on one of our websites, or complete a traveler profile in order to make reservations on one of our websites.
However, MileagePlus membership and a traveler profile will allow you to complete a reservation more quickly and give you online access to your MileagePlus account information, past transactions and special services.
If you purchase as a guest, information such as billing, contact and preferences will be collected in order to execute the transaction.
Promotions
We occasionally sponsor promotions to give members the opportunity to win various prizes.
Information collected for promotions can include contact information, such as email address, and survey questions.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
In order to book your reservation with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of the United family), or a customer service representative (collectively, "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as credit card numbers, passport numbers, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers.
Telephone calls to Reservations Agents may be monitored and/or recorded and by continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.
United ClubSM
United may collect personally identifiable information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers and credit card numbers, in order to provide service to its United Club members.
In flight
Due to the nature of our services, travel purchase informationincluding personal informationmay be collected by United from children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations or for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide services.
We may retain personal information when necessary to provide transportation to a child under 13.
United does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 other than when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations or for safety and security reasons.
In addition, if you learn that your child has provided us with personal information online without your knowledge, you may contact us by sending an email to web-mpi@united.com, or by calling 1-800-421-4655 and ask us to delete this information from our records.
This will unsubscribe the child from any marketing or promotional opportunities.
Uniteds personal device entertainment service
If you use this service, we may collect information about you, which includes, but is not limited to, name, credit card, etc.
We will also collect the "Media Access Control Address" or "MAC Address" of the personal electronic device that you are using to access Uniteds personal device entertainment service.
The MAC Address is an identifier attached to a network adapter, such as your Wi-Fi card, device or component.
We assign your computer or device a dynamic IP Address that varies from session to session when you use Uniteds personal device entertainment service.
We may associate your MAC Address and IP Address with your personally identifiable information or other information such as entertainment choices.
Information collected from MileagePlus members is used to enroll you in MileagePlus and ensure that you receive applicable mileage credit for travel purchases for participating flights and other MileagePlus participating vendor (partner) activities.
This information is also used to communicate with you on your MileagePlus account status and notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible.
On occasion, we may provide customer mailing list and email addresses to reputable, carefully screened MileagePlus partners or other companies whose services or products may be of interest to you.
(You may unsubscribe by opting out, as described below.)
Sharing of customer lists may also provide you with the opportunity to earn bonus miles for non-flight activity.
As indicated, we require strict contractual obligations from these third parties to ensure safeguards for the privacy and security of the information that are at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy in handling your information.
Traveler profile information
Generally, unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, contact information collected for promotions is used to notify promotion winners, and survey information and results are used to develop improved promotions and other service enhancements.
Flight status alerts/wireless services
United and its third-party service providers, including ad networks, use cookies, pixel tags (also known as Web beacons), ad tags and similar files and technical devices on our site (collectively "cookies") to collect information about your use of our site which includes, but is not limited to, the IP Address used to access this site.
your browser type and operating system.
Web pages you view.
links you click.
websites visited before and websites visited after.
website browser history.
and information about your interaction with our site, including information related to your searches, profile and travel destinations.
We may combine this information with other information that we have about you.
Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services.
We also use cookies to ensure that you obtain the information you request and to authenticate your authority to access the site.
If you are a registered user on our site and you choose to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.
We also use cookies to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site according to our customers needs.
United may enter into agreements with third-party companies to serve advertisements, including advertisements for non-United products and services that we think may be of interest to you, and information on our website and on third-party websites.
Please see the following section titled "Targeted Advertising" for additional information.
You can configure your browser to not accept cookies from us or from third-party companies, like the third-party ad servers.
If you choose not to accept our cookies, however, and are a registered user, you will not have access to your personal information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site.
Although you cannot sign in to the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a guest.
It is important to note that some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies.
Targeted advertising
United also may disclose personal information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process.
as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority.
to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its websites, or users.
or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
How can you access your information?
If you are registered on one of our websites, you can create, view or update your traveler profile and MileagePlus account through the United family website sign-in.
If you are not registered on one of our websites, you can review and request changes to your personally identifiable information collected by United by calling 1-800-421-4655.
How is the information collected online protected?
We collect some information that is personal (i.e.
information that identifies you, either alone or in combination with other data.)
We also collect information that is non-personal and does not, on its own, identify you.
When non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does identify you, we treat that combination as personal information.
Registration Information
When you register for an account to use peoplesmart.com, we may collect the following information: 
 Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and password 
 Your birthdate 
 Content that you create (also known as user-generated content)
While registration is free, if you choose to purchase certain additional services and products, we may collect the following personal information: 
Credit card or other billing account information
Billing address
Transaction-related information
Fraud prevention information (see Fraud and Abuse Prevention)
Additional Information
In order to provide certain services, we may collect additional information from you.
When you search for a person using our website, we collect a log of your searches.
If you wish to enhance your search results using information from third-party services such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we may ask you to give us authorization to access information about you stored in those third-party services.
To use our identity protection products, we may ask for the following personal information: 
Your legal name
Your current residence
Your Social Security Number
Knowledge-based authentication questions that only you would know
Technical and Analytic Information
We use several methods to collect technical and analytics data, including the following: 
Cookies.
We may set and access our cookies on your computer.
peoplesmart.com uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A session cookie expires when you close your browser.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the site and log in to your account.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
We use persistent cookies to track usage of our site to improve your experience, and to remember your preferences.
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browsers help directory.Learn more about cookies.
You may disable cookies in your browser settings, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.
Third-Party Cookies.
The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy.
We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our partners, affiliates, and service providers use session and persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, monitor site usage and performance, and provide targeted ads.
Web Beacons.
Our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site.
We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers or Users personally identifiable information.
Flash Cookies.
We use Flash cookies (also known as local storage objects or LSOs) to store content information and preferences.
Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site, prevent fraud, or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, may use LSOs to collect and store information.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
To manage Flash LSOs pleaseclick here.
Log Data.
Your browser automatically sends certain data that is recorded by our servers every time you interact with this website, including your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, and search terms.
What do we use your information for?
We partner with certain third party vendors to prevent fraud and abuse.
When you make a purchase, we analyze your payment information and unique device identifiers (including, but not limited to, IP address, geographical location, browser and operating system settings, and device ID) to identify suspected fraudulent activity and block it.
You may use your account to access, correct, or change any personal information you have provided to us or that is associated with your account.
You may also email our Privacy Team at privacy@peoplesmart.com.
We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Communication Preferences
Fraud prevention tools may collect personally identifiable information regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser.
however, this data is used specifically for fraud and abuse prevention and will never be used for marketing purposes.
California Information-Sharing Disclosure
We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own use without your permission.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act
You may be required to register for an account on the Site in order to take advantage of certain features of the Site, such as purchasing Products or using our chat rooms, message boards and blogs.
If you choose to register on the Site or if you otherwise provide information on the Site, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site, and (b) as permitted, maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
If you provide any information to SB that is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, or SB has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, SB has the right to suspend or terminate your account and prohibit any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof) by you.
Any registration or other information you provide to SB is subject to our Privacy Policy.
For more information, see our fullPrivacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into the Terms by this reference.
Member Account and Password
Information Collected
 As you interact with GM, there may be opportunities for you to provide us with your information.Additionally, we may collect certain information about you or your vehicle as further described below.
You may provide us with information about you or your vehicle through a number of sources: GM websites, product and related events, test drive or other incentive applications, surveys, social media platforms (i.e., when you register for a GM sponsored sweepstakes via the GM Facebook Fan page), sweepstakes entries and through our customer call centers.
We receive information about you through vehicle sales records provided by your dealer and we may obtain, with your consent, data obtained from your vehicles Event Data Recorder (EDR) as described in your owners manual (i.e., how various systems in your vehicle operate, the speed and distance of your vehicle).
For additional information about EDR data, please see your owners manual.We also may obtain information about you and your vehicle from GM affiliates, GM dealers, GM licensees for consumer merchandise, GM credit card bank partners and other sources such as companies that provide lists of potential vehicle purchasers and current owners, if such companies are permitted to share your information with us pursuant to their privacy statements.
The types of information that GM collects about you may include, but are not limited to: 
contact information (such as name, address, city, state and ZIP code, email address and telephone number)
vehicle information (such as vehicle identification number (VIN), make, model, model year, selling dealer, servicing dealer, date of purchase or lease and service history)
vehicle performance data (such as engine and transmission performance, airbag deployment conditions or crash or near crash information about how a vehicles systems performed)
demographic information (such as age range, marital status and household composition)
non-credit-related marketing profile information (such as when you plan to purchase or lease.
the vehicle in which you're interested)
relationships you have with GM in addition to the purchase and servicing of your vehicle (such as through a GM Rewards Card or OnStar)
incentive eligibility verification information (such as college name, branch of service or credit union name for vehicle purchase programs)
Social Security Number (in limited circumstances GM may collect SSN, for example if you win a sweepstakes or receive compensation that must be reported for government tax purposes)
investor information (name, address, phone number and email address)
stockholder services information (such as account information)
photographs such as those that you may submit for contests or sweepstakes
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications from GM, your personal information will not be used for marketing, but may still be used for the other purposes described in this Privacy Statement (such as vehicle support and service).
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
 GM websites use cookies to remember user preferences and to maximize the performance of our website and services.Using cookies on our websites provides benefits to you, such as allowing you to maintain your account login information or contact information on Request a Quote forms between visits, or locating a nearby dealer.
In addition, we use information gathered from cookies to autofill fields on forms such as the city, state or zip code associated with your IP address.
This information can be corrected by you before submitting any form or inquiry or you can disable the cookie as discussed below and the information will not be collected.
Similarly, we may also place Web beacons in our emails to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver the email and any URL accessed through our email message.
To measure site activity and provide a better user experience, we may allow our service providers or business partners to compile information from the cookies, Web beacons or other technologies on our websites which may include information about your visit (such as demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page and the day and time of your visit).
We may also allow third party advertising and personalization partners to use this information to develop personalized content and appropriate advertising based on your visits over time on GM web sites and non-GM web sites.
This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising campaigns or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you.
Frequently Asked Questions
 Q1: How long will my opt-out preferences last?
A: Your GM telephone and email opt-out preferences will be honored in accordance with applicable law and will remain in effect unless you take action to opt back in to receiving materials from us (for example by Request a Quote or completing a Business Reply Card).Your GM direct mail opt-out preferences will expire three (3) years from the date of your submission.
You can change or update your opt-out preferences by clicking here.
Q2: Does my vehicle have a black box to record data?
A: GM vehicles, like other modern motor vehicles, have a number of sophisticated computer systems that monitor and control several aspects of the vehicle's performance.
GM vehicles use on-board vehicle computers to monitor emission control components to optimize fuel economy, to monitor conditions for air bag deployment and, if so equipped, to provide anti-lock braking and to help the driver control the vehicle in difficult driving situations.
Some information may be stored during regular operations to facilitate repair of detected malfunctions.
other information is stored only in a crash event by computer systems, such as those commonly called event data recorders (EDR).To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy, refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicles owner manual.
Toys"R"Us may collect any information (such as first and last name, credit card number, address, e-mail address and telephone number) that you provide when you interact with Toys"R"Us.
Some examples are when you:
Make an online or in-store purchase;
Create or edit your Registries and Wish Lists;
Participate in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.
Download an application.
Participate in a game or other promotion on a Toys"R"Us Site or at one of our partner's websites.
Fill out a survey or questionnaire.
Sign up for our rewards program or other program or club.
Engage with Toys"R"Us content through third-party social networking sites.
Purchase a product as a result of visiting a Toys"R"Us Site, such as through our partner i-Parcel.
Set up the parental controls for the Tabeo tablet.
or 
Contact a Toys"R"Us customer service representative.
With our Service Providers: Toys"R"Us may share your personal information with service providers.
Some examples of things service providers may do that may involve your personal information are:
Authorization of credit card and check transactions, order fulfillment, sweepstakes and contests, our rewards program, and cobranded or joint product and service promotions.
Developing, hosting or maintaining the Toys"R"Us Sites on behalf of Toys"R"Us.
Warehousing product, personalizing product and performing order fulfillment and shipping services on behalf of Toys"R"Us or on your behalf and at your request.
Aggregating customer information and/or improving customer service.
We may then share such aggregated information with prospective marketing partners and advertisers.
You may update or change your personal information by contacting us at contactus@toysrus.com or by calling 1-800-TOYSRUS (1-800-869-7787) or 1-888-BABYRUS (1-888-222-9787) and asking for a customer service representative, who will instruct you on how to update or change your personal information.
To change your shipping or billing information for Toysrus.com or Babiesrus.com orders, log on, select "My Account" and make the appropriate changes.
The Toys"R"Us Sites, including the Tabeo tablet, do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
If Toys"R"Us learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law).
If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at contactus@toysrus.com or by calling 1-800-TOYSRUS (1-800-869-7787) or 1-888-BABYRUS (1-888-222-9787).
Toys"R"Us may participate in interest-based advertising.
Toys"R"Us may automatically collect information regarding how you browse websites, use apps, play games, and shop in order to enhance your customer experience, improve our customer service, and provide you with communications and promotions from us or others.
The goal of interest-based advertising is for Toys"R"Us or its advertising partners to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests.
PBS is committed to protecting the private information of our web site visitors.
From the pbs.org homepage to more than 150,000 pages of content produced by our affiliates, the "pbs.org" domain remains a safe haven.
The PBS.org web site adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of personally identifiable information and preserving the integrity of this online medium.
Here we explain the type of information collected from PBS.org, how that information may be used, how you can access or modify that information, and how that information is protected.
A.
Personally Identifiable Information
PBS will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis upon request.
Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card information.
Paid Products and Services:While the majority of our Site is free, we may charge fees for select products and services.
To enable the purchase of these and other products, we collect your telephone number, e-mail address, billing address and credit card information.
Support of Member Stations and other public broadcasting entities:On certain pages within the Site, PBS may offer visitors the opportunity to make a donation in support of public broadcasting entities, programs and series, or to order products, subscriptions or other services offered by PBS Member Stations.
If a visitor chooses to make a donation or order such other products or services, PBS will collect and store your telephone number, e-mail address, billing address and credit card information.
Your submission of others Personally Identifiable Information:On some pages of the Site, you can submit information about other people.
For example, you may submit a persons name and email address to send an article.
Additionally, you may purchase a gift online and submit the persons name, address and telephone number for delivery.
This information will only be used for the stated purpose.
We will typically explain the extent of use at the time you are asked to provide personal information.
If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply opt out.
Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.
Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf.
They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example processing your order or sending you a series newsletter.
They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose.
Similarly, personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation intended for a program, series or Member Station, or for purposes of ordering products, subscriptions or other services offered by the PBS Member Stations, will be shared by PBS or by such PBS Member Stations with third parties who perform services to process the donation or the applicable order.
Also, in transmitting your donation or order to the local Member Station PBS may share your personally identifiable information with the Member Station for order or donation processing.At times, we make customer mailing lists available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the Site.If you prefer that we not share your information in this way, please contact us.
On certain pages, we offer visitors the opportunity to provide comments or other user-generated content on blogs and articles.
Any information that you disclose when posting a message to these areas, along with the screen name or ID used, becomes public.
In addition, the information that you disclose in these areas may be used by us for promotional and marketing purposes.
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose in these public areas.
You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you register with the Service.
If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.
In addition, you may choose to add information about yourself to your profile that you can then share with others..
You can modify or delete your profile setting for this information any time in the Settings section of the site after you have signed in using your personal password.
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.
When you register with or view our site, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website.
These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information.
(c) target and re-target advertising on the Byliner service as well as third party services.
(d) monitor the effectiveness of our service.
(e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic.
(f) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
and (g) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
Byliner will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.
Byliner may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you.
If we do this, such third parties use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.
We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Byliner (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
You may access or change your information and preferences at any time in your Settings area once you have signed in with your personal password.
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through Byliner, in which case Byliner may not be able to provide certain services to you.
From time-to-time the InfoSpace Sites request information from you that may identify you personally in addition to the anonymous information described above.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, e-mail address, shipping address, and zip code), and demographic information (such as age, gender, occupation, and household income).
InfoSpace will not use or disclose your individual user information except as described in this privacy policy.
InfoSpace collects individual user information in the following ways from different InfoSpace Sites:  Surveys or Contests
From time to time, InfoSpace may conduct surveys or contests on an InfoSpace Site.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose individual user information to the InfoSpace Site.
Contest information will be shared with the contest or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the InfoSpace Site.
We may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests.
These companies may use your personal information to help the InfoSpace Site communicate with you about offers from the InfoSpace Site and our marketing partners.
Such third parties do not have InfoSpace's permission to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose.
Go2Net.com Registration
The InfoSpace Site located at www.go2net.com offers customization capabilities.
To register, you must provide InfoSpace with your name, zip code, e-mail address, birth date, gender, and income range.
While not all of this data is required for our services to function, we are better able to customize your experience if you volunteer complete and accurate information.
Users who complete the registration process are given a Go2Net ID and can take full advantage of the Go2Net customization capabilities.
Directory Services
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of InfoSpace's or such InfoSpace Site's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
If, however, we are going to use Individually Identifiable Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
Special Notification with respect to Children's Privacy (Users under the age of 13)
We collect personal information about you in various ways.
We may also get information from other sources, including from affiliates, and may combine it with information we collect about you.
Personal information does not include information that is not used to identify you, including aggregate or anonymous information.
Information you give us.
The personal information we collect includes information you give us, such as name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, social security number or other government identification number, demographics, activities, location information, and personal preferences.
You may give us information in a variety of ways, including when you sign up for Services, communicate with customer care or register on www.sprint.com.
We use your personal information for a variety of purposes, including providing you with Services.
We use your personal information to do things like:
Disclosures to Third Party Application and Service Providers.
You may choose to use services and products offered by third parties through our Services or devices such as third party applications.
When you leave our network you may also use mobile roaming services provided by third parties.
Your use of such services and applications may result in these third parties collecting your personal information and obtaining information from Sprint, including location information (when applicable).
You may also choose to give personal information directly to third parties when using our Services.
In each case, personal information you give a third party will be subject to its terms, conditions, and policiesnot this policy.
You should review a third party's privacy policy and terms of service before providing your information or using the service.
The information we collect from you includes things like:
Your name
Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your credit card number and other payment information
Your driver's license number
Credit application information, such as your Social Security number
Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you, we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above.
We also may share personal information with those providers.
We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers.
Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below.
All personal and contact information provided via this Web site, e-mail, phone, or newsletter will NEVER be sold or disseminated to other parties.
Any personal and contact information will only be used by Scott Price for the purpose of appropriately communicating to the user on waterfront and real estate topics, and for disseminating information as requested by the user.
Any requests to have your contact information removed from WaterHavens' database, e-mail list, and newsletter/mailing distribution lists will be quickly and fully honored.
We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") about you that you provide to us while using the Site.
Personal Data includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, address, phone number, credit card number or e-mail address.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information, which may be linked to your Personal Data, including your log-in name, IP address, search preferences related to specific searches, and bids through your interactions with our site.
Third parties also may collect non-personally identifiable information on our Site as described below.
Such third parties may be located outside of the European Economic Area in countries which may not provide for the same level of protection as the laws in your home jurisdiction.
Priceline.com understands that you may want to change, access or delete your Personal Data.
You may do so by accessing your profile or by contacting us here.
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information.
Any request to access your personally-identifying information will be answered in less than 30 days.
If you have registered your profile on any of the services available on our site, your e-mail address and password are required in order to access your profile information.
Kinja has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of user information we maintain.
Under our security practices and policies, access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access, and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal.
Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store, no program is one hundred percent secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal information.
Privacy
 We do our best to protect your personal information, and store it only as long as necessary.
We do reserve the right to reveal your personal information if the law requires us to.
We care about the privacy of our users.
You understand that by using the Service you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information (see  Information Sharing below) and aggregate data as set forth in our Privacy Policy, and to have your personally identifiable information collected, used, transferred to and processed in the United States and abroad.
4.
Information Sharing
Contests, Sweepstakes, and Promotions: From time to time you may be able to participate in contests, giveaways, or other similar promotions we sponsor.
Participation may require sharing your personal information with us or third parties sponsoring the contest, giveaway, or promotion, and you should check the rules to determine how your information will be used and shared with others.
The Company may announce rules in connection with any such opportunity, but regardless of whether specific rules are announced, all such opportunities will be controlled by the Companys Contest Policies set forth here: Contest Policies.
Any rules announced at the time of a contest will be in addition to the Contest Policies.
In addition, as a condition to receiving any awards or prizes, you may be required to provide additional information, to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain information about you in marketing materials.
If a third party administers the contest, your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions and that third party's privacy policy.
We are not responsible for such third parties.
You should carefully review the Contest Policies and these third parties' terms and conditions before deciding whether to participate in a contest publicized through the Service.
6.
Third-Party Links Disclaimer
our visitors  privacy is important to us  and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the nickelodeon sites permitting such visitors  our privacy practices are guided by the united states  children s online privacy protection act of 1998  as well as data privacy laws in the united states and other applicable countries  younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information
the nickelodeon sites collect only the information that is reasonably necessary for the activities available on the particular website 
in general  we collect three types of information
information that you actively give to us  for example  during registration  sweepstakes  purchases or content submissions
information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices  such as your ip address  cookie id  and other unique device identifiers 
and
information we collect from third parties  including through your registered third party social media providers
we store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary 
despite such precautions  there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information 
if you think a third party has accessed your information  please contact us immediately as instructed below
in general  the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests 
enable you to take advantage of nickelodeon sites features and services 
personalize your experience and the advertising you see 
send you special offers and promotions from nickelodeon  the viacom family of companies  and on behalf of third parties whose products or services might be of interest to you 
measure analytics 
and manage and improve the services available on the nickelodeon sites
depending upon the circumstances  we may share collected information with  a  law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others 
 b  third parties we hire to handle certain activities 
 c  advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content  products or services 
 d  business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the nickelodeon sites 
 e  within the viacom family of companies 
 f  in the event of a corporate transaction 
and  g  otherwise with your consent
we may use a number of advertising networks  analytics service providers and other such companies to  for example  serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the nickelodeon sites 
these companies may use their own unique identifiers  and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours 
these companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies  which we encourage you to review
for more information about these third parties and how you might be able to control how they use your information  please go here
you have the right to access  update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you
you may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you
parents and guardians can review any personally identifiable information collected about their children and request that such information be deleted and or that no further information be collected
other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the nickelodeon sites
we may request or collect certain information when you visit the nickelodeon sites 
however  visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity
a  registration information   the information required to register varies by site  but may include   a  birth date 
 b  gender 
 c  country 
 d  state 
 e  zip code 
 f  user name and password 
 g  wireless telephone number 
 h  email address 
and  i  other profile information such as avatar preferences  communications preferences  and interests 
if the site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old  the child may be asked to provide his or her parent s or guardian s email address 
for certain countries  visitors or their parents guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account 
accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted
registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings 
respond to visitor s requests for products  services  and information 
manage games 
serve appropriate material 
customize the content you see when you visit the nickelodeon sites 
and offer visitors special offers and promotions from nickelodeon sites and the  viacom family of companies   which comprises viacom international inc 
and its subsidiaries and affiliates  as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products  programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you
b 
social platform registrations and social media plugins   some of the nickelodeon sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as login with facebook or flux  or permit you to use social media plugins such as the facebook  like  or google  1  buttons 
when you use these social networking platforms and plugins  your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us
when you use social networking platforms and plugins  you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection  use  and disclosure of such information 
in addition  they may be able to collect information about you  including your activity on the nickelodeon sites  and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the nickelodeon sites 
such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you 
for more information about login with facebook  please go here 
for more information on flux  please go here 
please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them
c computer information collected by us   when visitors come to a site  we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices  such as the type of computer operating system  e g  windows xp or mac os  the visitor s ip address  the web browser  e g  internet explorer  safari  chrome and firefox  udid  for certain mobile devices  information about the websites visited before and after visiting the site  the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the nickelodeon sites  interactions with e mail messages sent by a site or the viacom family of companies   e g    links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded  information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies  see below  information regarding the internet service provider  and other standard server log information  computer information
we may use cookies  web beacons  tokens or similar technologies  collectively referred to as  tracking technologies  on the nickelodeon sites 
 cookies   which may be html files  flash files or other technology  are text files that help store user preferences and activity web beacons   also known as image tags  gif or web bugs  are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data  such as counting page views  promotion views or advertising responses tokens  are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server  such as adobe s pass service  to a user s device to identify an interaction session  such as the authentication for a user s cable provider service  and which are usually stored as an http cookie 
the site and or third parties may use tracking technologies to collect computer information automatically as you browse the site and the web
we may use tracking technologies to help tailor our content  allow users to move between certain nickelodeon sites without logging into each site  enable the internal functioning of the nickelodeon sites  understand site and internet usage  improve or customize the content  offerings or advertisements on this site  personalize your experience on the site  for example  to recognize you by name when you return to the site  understand your interactions with email messages originating from the nickelodeon sites or the viacom family of companies  such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded  save your password  save your online game or video player settings  enable you to use shopping carts  help us offer you products  programs or services that may be of interest to you  deliver relevant advertising  maintain and administer the nickelodeon sites  these tracking technologies collect  click stream  data and additional other information regarding your visits to the nickelodeon sites  such as your visits to specific webpages  use of features  purchasing history or preferences  may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the nickelodeon sites and other websites offered by the viacom family of companies and may also collect your ip address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site  identifier 
an identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the nickelodeon sites 
when a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of nickelodeon programing in the nick mobile app  a third party token is stored on the user s mobile device so that the subscriber can view nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re authenticate his cable service subscription
our third party advertising service providers  as defined in section d  do not have access to tracking technologies set by the nickelodeon sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the site 
the third party advertising service providers  as well as advertisers  may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies on your device if you choose to have tracking technologies enabled in your browser  or  for flash cookies  if you have not removed them  and or they may otherwise have access to other information about you
d 
computer information collected by others   the nickelodeon group uses the services of third parties who may collect  use or disclose cookie information  ip addresses or other identifiers from devices and or browsers of users who visit nickelodeon sites 
for a list of these third parties on nickelodeon sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13  please go here 
nickelodeon sites use a variety of third party advertising networks  data exchanges  traffic measurement service providers  marketing analytics service providers  and other third party service providers  collectively   third party advertising service providers  to  for example  serve advertisements on the nickelodeon sites  facilitate targeting of advertisements  and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and or traffic on the nickelodeon sites  targeting services 
these targeting services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the nickelodeon sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you 
targeting services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements 
see here for more information on this site s use of nielsen s proprietary measurement software to collect and use video viewing metrics and other information 
nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13
these third party advertising service providers do not have access to tracking technologies set by the nickelodeon sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the nickelodeon sites 
the third party advertising service providers  as well as advertisers  may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies on your device if you choose to have tracking technologies enabled in your browser  or  for flash cookies  if you have not removed them  and or they may otherwise have access to other information about you 
in addition  third party advertising service providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the nickelodeon sites collect
you can opt out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such third party advertising service providers  adobe and doubleclick by using those providers  opt out tools  you can access adobe s tool at http www donottarget com  and doubleclick s at http www google com intl en policies technologies ads  we also may from time to time permit other third party advertising service providers and advertisers to collect information on the nickelodeon sites  some of these providers and advertisers may participate in the network advertising initiative s opt out tool and or the self regulatory program for online behavioral advertising please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices  
 
 nielsen measurement  
   the player on this website may feature nielsen s proprietary measurement software which will collect and use certain video viewing metrics and other information  in accordance with nielsen s digital measurement privacy policy  for more information about nielsen s measurement software  see http www nielsen com digitalprivacy and see the  choices  section of that digital measurement privacy policy to learn about your choices with respect to nielsen s measurement  including your opt out options if you do not wish to participate in such measurement and the scope of any opt out options
we currently do not take action in response to these signals  but  if and when a final standard is established and accepted  we may reassess how to respond to these signals 
instead  as set forth above  please see the link to the self regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in section i c
e contests and sweepstakes   the nickelodeon sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes 
to enter these contests and sweepstakes  you may be required to provide your first name and email address and or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes  on sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13  we may collect the child s e mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes  store such child s email address for the duration of the sweepstakes  and use it for notification if he or she is the winner 
for certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites  we may ask for the email address of the child s parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child s entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child s entry deleted
f  electronic postcards and messages   some nickelodeon sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and  wish lists  of items they want to family or friends  which means we will send  on the visitor s behalf  email messages to family and or friends 
to do so  visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages 
visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages 
email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent  in some cases  we may offer visitors an incentive   e g    points to be used in an online game  for referring information about products to the visitor s family or friends in such cases  we will comply with all applicable legal requirements 
please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries
when visitors to nickelodeon sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter s  they will be asked to provide their first name  email address and the email address of their parent guardian 
we will send the child s parent guardian a notification email informing them of the child s request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent guardian the option to have his or her child s information removed from our newsletter database 
the link to remove the child s information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent  but at any time after receiving this notification email  the child s parent guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter s  by following the  unsubscribe  instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails  parents guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child 
see section v  b  below 
when a child provides a parent s guardian s email address when signing up for newsletter s  that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system
h 
interactive features and services   some of the nickelodeon sites offer interactive features and services  such as message boards  chat rooms  electronic mail services  comment boxes  messaging services  and member profile pages 
for certain countries  on nickelodeon sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old  we either will obtain the consent of the child s parent guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child s postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records 
we use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services
i 
wireless marketing services   consistent with local law  appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions  services  news  programming and information delivered via text messaging and or wireless devices 
to do so  visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number  email address  carrier s name  and or their opinion regarding certain goods and or services 
visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the nickelodeon group and viacom family of companies through one of the following methods   a  filling out the registration information on any nickelodeon sites  wireless marketing registration page 
or  b  sending a specific word  code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material 
the visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services
j  geolocation information   we may collect and store information about your geographic location  but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on nickelodeon sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information 
you may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information 
we use this information  for example  to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings 
respond to visitor s requests for products  services  and information 
manage games 
customize the content visitors see when visiting the nickelodeon sites 
and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from nickelodeon sites and the viacom family of companies  as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products  programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors 
by accepting this privacy policy and using the applicable site  you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above
k 
financial information   we collect and use financial information  such as credit card numbers and security codes  for the limited
purposes described below
i   arcades   users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the nickelodeon sites   e g    games from shockwave com 
purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name  billing and or shipping addresses  billing address  email address  credit card number  control payment number  pin  card security code  expiration date and or a phone number 
after successfully entering a valid credit card number expiration date and completing the order process  an account is created 
we use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email  as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law   if you make purchases using a pre paid card  we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase
ii   consumer products   certain of the nickelodeon sites provide pages and or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products  the  shops 
to do so  visitors need to provide contact  shipping  billing and credit information  these pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the nickelodeon sites 
this third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us  we use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email  as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law 
before providing information on these pages  we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party s use of your information  as they may differ from ours
iii   virtual items memberships   some of the nickelodeon sites may offer memberships  online subscriptions and or virtual items for use in conjunction with the nickelodeon sites  games 
when you enter into a transaction for a membership  subscription  virtual item or similar transaction  you may be asked to provide the credit card and or billing information and email address 
we will use this information to fulfill your specified requests  as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law  please also see the information regarding payment processors in section ii b  below
we may combine information collected through the nickelodeon sites with information we collect from other sources   e g    social media integration services  other viacom family of company s sites  offline records or publicly available information 
it is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date 
we are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so
we may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below 
in the u s  parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child s personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties
you acknowledge  consent  and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access  preserve  and or disclose the information we collect and or content you provide to us  including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems  to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access  preservation  or disclosure is reasonably necessary to   a  comply with legal process 
 b  enforce the terms of use of the respective nickelodeon sites 
 c  respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties 
 d  respond to your requests for customer service 
or  e  protect the rights  property  or personal safety of the owners of the nickelodeon sites  any user of the nickelodeon sites  a third party or the general public  we also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability 
to protect or defend our rights or property 
or protect the safety  rights  or property of others
the nickelodeon group uses the services of third parties who may collect  use or disclose cookie information  ip addresses or other identifiers from devices and or browsers of users who visit nickelodeon sites 
for a list of these third parties on nickelodeon sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13  please go here 
some nickelodeon sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content  products  or services that we believe may be of interest 
for example  we may partner with a greeting card company  software manufacturer  social media plugin provider  mobile phone provider or cable television service provider to offer you electronic cards  games  social networking  text messaging services or customized video content 
these partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the nickelodeon sites and  accordingly  may have their own privacy policies  if you consent or register with one of our partners  that means you grant the nickelodeon sites permission to give your registration and other information  including e mail address  to that third party if you have identified yourself as residing in the eu  we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have
 opted in
the nickelodeon sites are part of the viacom family of companies 
where permitted by law  we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the viacom family of companies  and other affiliated businesses so that we can  for example  provide you with information about products and services that might interest you
in the event that assets relating to one or more of the nickelodeon sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of  for example  a corporate sale  merger  consolidation  asset sale  or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy  information collected at the nickelodeon sites may be transferred to the acquiring company
please be aware that by providing us with personal information  you understand and agree that   1  due to our international operations  your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction 
 2  to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the united states  you consent to the transfer of such data to the united states for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this privacy policy and  3  the privacy policy and the collection of information pursuant to the privacy policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the united states  without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law 
our affiliates comply with the u s eu safe harbor 
please see the safe harbor privacy policy
for detailed information on these affiliates  privacy practices
if you do not consent to the terms of this privacy policy  please do not use the nickelodeon sites because your use of the nickelodeon sites represents your consent 
if you have already provided personal information  please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information
you have the right to access  update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the nickelodeon sites  subject to certain exceptions  to do so  you should log into your account or you may e mail us at nickprivacy nickonline com  to help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information  we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access
parents guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child  have this information deleted  and or request that there be no further collection or use of their child s personally identifiable information 
you can download the form here 
we will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child s parent or legal guardian
we may collect personal information about you when you place an order with motorola  including name  address  email address  phone numbers  payment card information  information used to personalize a motorola mobile device or software experience  social security number  or equivalent national identification number  date of birth and other information 
motorola uses this information to facilitate order processing and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order 
additionally  if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service  your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report  if necessary 
such information is required when making a purchase
we may ask you for and collect personal information at other times  including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest 
when you participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by motorola or one of our business partners 
when you complete surveys 
when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by motorola or one of our business partners 
we use the information you provide to help us design and build better products  to customize your shopping experience  and to provide advice and purchase recommendations and for other purposes consistent with this statement 
motorola may also match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers
motorola also conducts research on our users  demographics  interests  and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase  during a promotion  from surveys and from our server log files 
we do this to better understand and serve our users 
this research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual 
motorola may share this aggregated data with our business partners
in addition  our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our web sites 
this information is aggregated to measure number of visits  average time spent on a motorola web site  pages viewed and web site usage information 
we use this information to measure the use of our sites 
to improve the content of our sites 
and to provide tailored advertisements 
aggregated information is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors
finally  we may also ask for your personal information when you express an interest in employment opportunities at motorola
in order to offer and provide a customized website experience  motorola may use cookies  including googleanalytics and doubleclick cookies  to store and help track information about you 
cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer s hard drive 
motorola uses cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits 
cookies enable us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won t have to re enter them each time you visit 
we also use cookies in order to determine relevant interest based advertisements to serve the user
motorola may also use services hosted by third parties  such as google analytics for display advertisers  remarketing with google analytics  google display network impression reporting  doubleclick campaign manager and google analytics demographic and interest reporting and evidon to assist in providing services to help us understand our customers  use of our websites and products  and to deliver and manage interest based advertisements 
these services may collect information  such as your ip address  sent by your browser or via cookies 
this information may be used to measure website trends and to deliver a motorola product advertisement while browsing a website including non motorola websites 
these ads are delivered based on a user s visit to the motorola website 
motorola and its third party vendors  including google  use first party cookies  such as the google analytics cookies  and third party cookies  such as the doubleclick cookie  together to report how your ad impressions  other uses of ad services  and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to motorola s website 
 please see  cookies  in the section above to learn how you can control the use of cookies on your computer and how you can control your receipt of such interest based ads
when you are on a motorola site and are asked for personal information  you are sharing that information with motorola and its subsidiaries and related companies 
additionally  if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service  your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with motorola 
motorola may also contract with third party companies to perform services for motorola on its website that require these companies to collect website user information  e g 
hosting a website sweepstakes  promotion or survey  selling software downloads or delivering motorola advertisements
in addition  motorola s web sites may allow third parties to provide products and services directly to motorola customers 
such relationships are often designated with a  provided by  or  powered by  company logo or other similarly worded designation 
if you choose to purchase a product or service from such a third party  that party will collect your information and share it with motorola 
you may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page or by clicking on the  provided by company  logo  which will take you to their web site
additionally  when you purchase or download software applications from motorola or a third party  your personal information is shared with the software developer licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user and to permit them to provide you any required support 
if you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company  you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites
except as outlined in this policy or on our web sites  motorola does not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent 
please note that  in special cases  we may need to share information without acquiring consent  such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it  or to identify  contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our sites  terms of use or may be violating motorola s or others  rights or causing injury to or interference with motorola s or others  property
in addition  motorola shares the information you provide with motorola subsidiaries and related companies 
if you purchase a mobile device  or other product requiring service  your personal information is shared with the service provider carrier with whom you subscribe 
additionally  if you express an interest in a product requiring a particular type of service  motorola may share your personal information with your local service provider in order to determine whether such service is available in your area
motorola may share your personal information with third party business partners so that they may provide services to motorola that are consistent with the terms of this privacy statement  and this web site  e g 
order processing and delivery  database management  sending targeted advertisements  software sales  and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on behalf of motorola 
motorola takes great pride in utilizing only reputable business partners 
motorola may also  on occasion  provide personal information to third party businesses as part of a specific product  service  or promotion
you also have the right to access  review  correct or delete  your personal information by contacting motorola 
individuals are responsible for providing motorola with accurate and complete personal information and for contacting motorola if correction of such information is required 
please note that  where permitted  we may charge a nominal fee for fulfilling access requests and that we reserve the right to disallow unreasonable requests for access
if you have established a  user profile  on a motorola web site  you may change the information you provided by visiting that portion of the web site and re submitting your information
when you place an order or provide personal information  we use certain security measures  such as encryption  where appropriate 
encryption scrambles the information in your purchase  including your credit card number  so this information can only be viewed by motorola 
motorola uses secure socket layer  ssl  encryption technology  where appropriate  for internet based transactions
as a global company motorola has websites and users all over the world 
the information you provide may be transmitted  used  processed and stored outside of the country where you submitted that information  including countries that may not have data privacy laws that provide protection equivalent to such laws in your home country 
whenever motorola handles personal information  regardless of where this occurs  we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant terms of use  this privacy statement and all applicable laws and regulations
websites operated by or on behalf of motorola and its worldwide affiliated companies and subsidiaries are intended for use by persons age 13 and over 
motorola does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 13 
no information should be submitted to or posted on motorola s web sites by users under 13 years of age
this privacy statement   privacy statement   explains how groupon  inc 
  groupon     us     our   and   we   uses your information and applies to all who use our web site  mobile applications  electronic services  social networking sites  or any individual  business partner specific  merchant specific  city specific  or other area specific web sites we offer that link to or reference this privacy statement  collectively  the   site   and when you receive electronic communications from us
we will collect information  including personal information and non identifying information  when you interact with us and the site  for example when you   
 access or use the site 
 register  subscribe  or create an account with groupon  
 open or respond to our e mails 
 provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of  or together with  business partners  
 visit any page online that displays our ads or content  
 purchase products or services on or through the site 
 connect or link to any site via social networking sites  
 post comments to online communities 
and 
 provide information to our vendors
we think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and what you like 
however  you can limit the information you provide to groupon  and you can limit the communications that groupon sends to you
you may also manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications 
please refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between groupon and your social networking account or your mobile device
we  or our vendors on our behalf  use information collected as described in this privacy statement to   
 operate  maintain and improve the site and our services 
 provide you with personalized ads and offers for products and services from us and participating business partners 
 facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the site   for example  for groupon vouchers and other goods and services  including tracking redemption  
 evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers  products or services that may be of interest to you  and analyze advertising effectiveness 
 answer your questions and respond to your requests 
 perform analytics and conduct customer research 
 communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about groupon and our business partners  sometimes by combining your information with information from other sources 
 send you reminders  technical notices  updates  security alerts  support and administrative messages  service bulletins  marketing messages  and requested information  including on behalf of business partners 
 administer rewards  surveys  sweepstakes  contests  or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our business partners 
 manage our everyday business needs  such as administration of the site  forum management  fulfillment  analytics  fraud prevention  and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and terms of use  or to comply with the law 
 allow you to apply for a job  post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants  business partners  or third parties through the site  and to 
 enhance other information we have about you directly or from other sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests
we  or our vendors on our behalf  may share your personal information as required or permitted by law  
 with any groupon affiliate who may only use the personal information for the purposes described in this privacy statement  
 with our vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect the personal information  
 to report or collect on debts owed to us or our business partners  
 with relevant business partners   
 with whom we jointly offer products and services  
 to facilitate a direct relationship with you  including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the business partner  
 to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase  a sponsored reward  offer  contest  program  or other activity in which you have elected to participate 
 to the extent you have purchased or redeemed a groupon voucher  goods or services offered by a business partner or participated in an offer  rewards  contest or other activity or program sponsored or offered through groupon on behalf of that business partner  
 with a purchaser of groupon or any of the groupon affiliates  or their assets 
 to comply with legal orders and government requests  or as needed to support auditing  compliance  and corporate governance functions 
 to combat fraud or criminal activity  and to protect our rights or those of our affiliates  users  and business partners  or as part of legal proceedings affecting groupon 
 in response to a subpoena  or similar legal process  including to law enforcement agencies  regulators  and courts in the united states and other countries where we operate 
or  
 with your consent
we may also disclose non identifiable information  
 for the same reasons we might share personal information  
 with business partners for their own analysis and research  
 to facilitate targeted content and ads 
or  
 with third party ad servers to place our ads and or ads of our merchants or business partners on the site and on third party sites  and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads
we do not share personal information with third party ad servers 
however  third party ad servers may automatically collect non identifying information about your visit to the site and other websites  your device address  your internet service provider and the browser you use to visit the site 
they do this by using cookies  clear gifs and other technologies 
information collected may be used  among other things  to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the site and the other websites tracked by these third parties 
this privacy statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by third party ad servers  and groupon is not responsible for cookies or clear gifs in third party ads 
we encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technologies 
if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers  please visit http www networkadvertising org
you provide us with your personal information when you register  subscribe  create an account  purchase or redeem groupon vouchers  or otherwise when you provide us with your personal information during your interaction with the site 
we also collect personal information when you contact us online for customer service and other support using self help tools  such as email  text  or by posting to an online community
we also receive personal information and other online and offline information from other sources 
groupon will use such information in accordance with applicable laws 
such information  when combined with personal information collected as provided in this privacy statement  will also be handled in accordance with this privacy statement 
we also use cookies  tags  web beacons  local shared objects  files  tools and programs to keep records  store your preferences  improve our advertising  and collect non identifying information  including device data and your interaction with the site and our business partners  web sites
we use cookies that contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your site activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with the site 
we use session cookies on a temporary basis  such as to manage your view of pages on the site 
we use persistent cookies for a number of purposes  such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided  for example  your user id if you asked to be remembered  and storing your preferences  for example  the cities for which you want to be shown groupon vouchers 
information from cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to the site and the website you visit after you leave the site
groupon has implemented an information security program that contains administrative  technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard personal information 
for example  we use industry standard encryption technology to secure financial account information
you can access  update and delete your   financial account information  and the other information you provided to us in your profile by logging into your account and accessing the  my account  section of the site or sending us an email at privacy groupon com 
keeping your personal information current helps ensure that we  our affiliates and business partners offer you the offers that are most relevant to you
we will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes 
if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services contact us at support groupon com 
we will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements
the site may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information  communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs  review products and merchants  and submit media content 
prior to posting in these areas  please read our terms of use carefully 
all the information you post may be accessible to anyone with internet access  and any personal information you include in your posting may be read  collected  and used by others 
for example  if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review  you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties 
you should avoid publicly posting personal information or identifying information about third parties
by proceeding through any of the above steps  you grant groupon permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network s terms of use and this privacy statement
groupon  inc 
is headquartered in the united states of america 
we recognize that the european community has established a data protection regime pursuant to directive 95 46 ec  the   directive   
the directive applies to the european economic area    eea   
switzerland has also established a data protection regime pursuant to the federal act on data protection    fadp   
these regimes restrict companies in the eea and switzerland  collectively    eea ch    from transferring personal data about individuals in the eea ch to the united states  unless there is  adequate protection  for such personal data when it is received in the united states 
to create such  adequate protection  and allow our affiliates  vendors and business partners to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by the directive and the fadp  we adhere to the safe harbor privacy principles published by us department of commerce    safe harbor principles    with respect to personal data about individuals in the eea ch that our subsidiaries and business partners in the eea ch send to us     eea ch data   
more information on the safe harbor principles and groupon  inc s scope of participation is available at http export gov safeharbor 
groupon s policy concerning the processing of eea ch data under its certification can be viewed at http www groupon com safe harbor
if you live outside the united states  including in the eea ch  and you use the site or provide us with personal information directly via the site  your information will be handled in accordance with this privacy statement 
by using the site or giving us your personal information  you are directly transferring your personal information and non identifiable information to us in the united states 
the united states may not have the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction 
however  you agree and consent to our collection  transfer  and processing of your personal information and non identifiable information in accordance with this privacy statement 
you are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the site or provide us with personal information 
regardless of where we transfer your information  we still protect your information in the manner described in this privacy statement
groupon does not intend that any portion of the site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen  and such use is prohibited 
the site is designed and intended for adults 
by using groupon  you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the site 
we will promptly delete information associated with any account be obtain actual knowledge is associated with a registered user who is not at least eighteen years old
if you reside in canada  you may have the right to be provided with access to personal information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to vendors outside canada 
e mail us at privacy groupon com with questions
pursuant to section 1798 83 of the california civil code  residents of california can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the proceeding calendar year 
in particular  the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties  the names and addresses of those third parties  and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties 
to request a copy of the information disclosure provided by groupon pursuant to section 1798 83 of the california civil code  please contact us via the email or address stated above 
please allow 30 days for a response
if you are a california resident and you provided your email address to pj media  llc ( pjm   us  or  we )  then  once each calendar year  you may submit a written request for information about the information we shared  if any  with other companies for their use in direct marketing.
to submit your written request  please send an e-mail to webmaster pjmedia.com with  request for california privacy  in the subject line.
please note   we are general audience sites  and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age.
we understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children s privacy online.
if we learn or have reason to suspect that a site user is under age 13  we will promptly delete any personal information in that user s account.
general   when you register  and at other times  we will collect information from you.
this information falls into two main categories  personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.
personally identifiable information (pii)  is any information collected through the sites that identifies or can be used to identify  contact  or locate you.
pii would include your full name  address  and credit-card number.
pii may include your email address if you have chosen not to use an anonymous email address (e.g.
some people have their full name in their email address  or have a personal website url in their email address).
your email address is your  user name  on our websites.
it is not visible to other users.
in some states even an anonymous email address is considered pii.
pii may include your screen name  if you have chosen not to use an anonymous screen name.
your screen name is visible to other users when you post comments.
although pii is collected through our sites  your billing information (full name  address and associated credit card number) are not stored on our servers.
we use the services of paypal to process credit card payments.
please refer to paypal s privacy statement which can be found here for information about the storage of your name  address and credit card information.
site usage information   we automatically collect ip addresses and site usage information from you when you visit the sites .
this information helps us evaluate how our visitors and members use and navigate our sites including the number and frequency of visitors and members to each web page  and the length of their visits.
additionally we may collect usage information that is tied to personally identifiable information for purposes of subscription tracking and enforcement  for special features  or to provide enhanced member products and services.
help desk information   should you contact our customer support system with a question or technical concern  we will create and then store a customer support  ticket  that you will fill out.
this is your support profile.
this profile may include first name  last name  phone number  email address  and if needed to address your concern  city state zip and address.
we may use information in the following ways  
 credit card information is used only to process  validate and verify memberships and subscriptions  
 for any purpose  if we announce the purpose in advance  
 to provide notifications about new or existing products and services  special offers from us and from third-party providers  through email  pop-ups or other technology  
 to provide advertisements to you through the sites  email messages  text messages  applications  or other methods of communication  
 to operate and enhance existing features or develop new features  products and services  
 to provide third party service providers (see description of third party service providers  below) with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns  
 to allow us to personalize the content that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.
we may combine the information that we collect from you on the sites with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products  services and sites.
we may also share our membership list with organizations which provide information  services or products from which we believe our members will benefit.
information on canceling any account or opting out of our email lists can be found in the  your rights  section below.
we may hire other companies to perform services on our behalf including  without limitation  facilitating some aspects of the sites  serving advertisements  sending e-mail  and fulfilling purchase requests.
these other companies may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
please see the following provider privacy policies  
 publir privacy policy 
 google analytics privacy policy 
 paypal privacy policy 
 liveintent privacy policy 
 newsmax privacy policy
we may use third parties  called third party service providers  to provide premium features such as links to sources of additional information or to conduct surveys.
these third party service providers may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
they may also collect additional personally identifiable information directly on their websites.
they may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the sites and other websites in order to present custom information that may be of interest to you.
if you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by some third party service providers  please visit here.
we may disclose and use personally identifiable information and other information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our user and member agreement or terms of service (for example  when necessary to protect our intellectual property rights).
we may also disclose or use your personally identifiable information as well as other information when we  in good faith  believe that the law requires us to do so.
other user submitted content   we may provide you with the opportunity to submit other content to our sites for viewing by our readers  such as videos  photographs  blog posts or articles.
if you choose to submit material to us  we may ask for information about you and the material you submitted.
we may make public any information that you provide including your name  location and e-mail address.
other user submitted information   we may provide you with the opportunity to submit and save information relating to our sites and various areas on our sites  such as books you ve read  movies seen  reviews  etc.
submitting this information is voluntary.
you will be told which information is visible to either other users of that area  or the public.
please read this information carefully so you can choose whether you wish to submit this information or not.
ability to choose   you may  of course  decline to submit personally identifiable information through the pjm sites  in which case we may not be able to provide all of our services to you.
you may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your profile page.
please note that media files uploaded by you cannot be removed and remain subject to our user and member agreement and terms of service.
how to review  correct or delete your information   you may review  and update the personally identifiable information registration information that you have provided to us by contacting customer service at support pjmedia.com.
you may also delete your account through customer service at the links provided.
we employ cookie technology.
read our cookie disclosure statement for more information about our use of cookies.
we use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) on our sites in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns.
we also include web beacons in our e-mail messages including newsletters in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened.
when you view any third party content such as a survey or supplemental references on our sites or on other sites  our third party service provider may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
the sites and our providers may also use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) to note which services pages you visit after viewing our ads.
the information that is collected through the use of these images is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.
the personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited-access servers.
we will maintain safeguards to protect the security of these servers and your personally identifiable information.
we retain your information for as long as necessary to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations.
in the event that pjm is acquired by or merged with a third party entity  we reserve the right  in any of these circumstances  to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our members and users as part of such merger  acquisition  sale  or other change of control.
in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy  insolvency  reorganization  receivership  or assignment for the benefit of creditors  or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors  rights generally  we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated  transferred  or used.
we use p3p to allow the use of third party cookies within the family of pjm sites.
p3p (platform for privacy preferences project) is a protocol that allows websites to declare their intended use of information they collect about web browser users.
when this is done some of the default restrictions against third party cookies are relaxed.
we do this to allow all of our sites to use a single database of user information   so that once you register with one of our sites  you will be able to sign in to any of our sites.
third party cookie information for emails.
we  or a data provider we have engaged  may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads  content or services.
no personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies.
the cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us  e.g.
your email address  in hashed  non-human readable form.
to opt-out of these cookies or learn more please go to http aboutads.info choices or http www.networkadvertising.org choices
for those who download the spiceworks desktop application ( desktop )  it is designed to make it easy to inventory and monitor the hardware and software on your network.
this  inventory data  is limited to systems related information about your network devices and how they are configured.
it does not include any non-systems related information such as personal files and content  application specific data files and content  common user directories or other user data and documents.
this inventory data is stored locally in a file on your computer in an encoded format.
access to this file is password protected using the standard operating systems access control mechanisms.
in a standard windows installation  you can find this file and its contents located at c program files spiceworks db spiceworks.db.
your privacy is not for sale
simply put  we do not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone  for any reason.
spiceworks uses and discloses your personal information only as follows  
 to analyze site usage and improve the service  
 to deliver to you any administrative notices  network alerts  system notifications  and communications relevant to your use of the service  
 to fulfill your requests for certain products  information and services  
 for market research  project planning  troubleshooting service problems  detecting and protecting against error  fraud or other criminal activity  
 to third-party contractors that provide services to spiceworks and are bound by these same privacy restrictions  
 to enforce the terms of use.
and 
 as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy.
why we collect information
we collect information because it helps us deliver the absolute best user experience we possibly can.
it is one of our core beliefs that we can only achieve that goal with your help  by customizing your experience to your unique environment.
gathering this information enables us to connect you with other it professionals like yourself  provide you with convenient and accurate information about discussion topics you may be interested in  and bring you timely and relevant information about the it products and services that you may need.
in addition  this information helps us keep you informed on the latest product and service announcements  software updates  and support information in a timely fashion.
most importantly  this information allows us to tune the product experience over time  optimizing the service based on your feedback and how you actually use the service.
what information we collect
account information.
when you sign up for a spiceworks account  we ask you for personal information such as your name  email address  company name and zip code.
social networking site information.
for your convenience  we may allow you to register to join spiceworks by using log in credentials from third-party social networking sites ( sns ) such as facebook and linkedin.
if you register via an sns  the sns may provide us with some of the personal information you have provided to the sns.
profile information.
we also collect personal information you provide when completing the sections of your spiceworks profile  a project page or a profile page that request personal information.
payment information.
if you elect to use paid features of the service  you may need to provide personal information to our third-party payment processors  such as your credit card number.
customer support.
we may collect personal information through your communications with our customer support team.
other information.
we also collect some information from you when you use the service that does not constitute  personal information.
for example  each installed copy of the desktop includes a unique application number.
if you install the desktop  this number and a message indicating whether the installation succeeded or failed  is sent back to spiceworks.
also  when the desktop automatically checks to see if a new version is available  the current version number and the unique application number are sent to spiceworks.
the unique application number is required for the desktop to function properly and cannot be disabled.
from time to time  the desktop also collects anonymous aggregate information about your computing environment.
this information is anonymized and collected into groups so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable company or user.
we also collect information you input into the any web-based offerings made available by spiceworks in connection with your use of those offerings.
many of the advertisements you see when using the service have been placed by third parties.
these third parties may choose to use their own cookies for the purposes of collecting information relating to the viewing of their advertising.
this privacy policy is intended to cover the use of cookies implemented by spiceworks and does not describe third party cookies in detail or their privacy policies.
we also work with a third party to monitor certain pages of our site for the purpose of reporting site traffic and other advertising statistics.
where authorized by us  this third party may use cookies and or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our site visitors.
no personal information is transferred to this third party.
how we use the information
internal and service-related usage.
we use data you input into or that is collected by the service to perform the services requested in connection with those services.
for example  if you input inventory data into one of the web-based offerings  we will use that information to display that inventory data to you when you use such web-based offering.
we use your payment information to collect payment for the applicable services.
we may store and combine the personal information you submit or we collect via any part of the service with information from other spiceworks services or third parties (including sns) in order to deliver the service  to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services.
we may use anonymized aggregate personal or environment information to provide the services you've requested  including services that display customized content and advertising  and compare your environment configuration to those of the broader user community.
such information does not identify you or your company individually.
we may use browser usage information  which does not identify individual users or companies  to analyze trends  to administer the service  to track users' movements around the site  to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole  and to operate and improve the spiceworks technologies and services.
we may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
displaying to other users.
personal information you include in your profile information and user contributions you post are considered publicly available and can be read  collected  or used by other individuals  including to send you unsolicited messages.
with the exception of your email address  which is never viewable  some of the information provided from your sns may be viewable by persons who visit spiceworks  which you can control by editing your spiceworks profile.
we cannot control the actions of other users of the site with whom you may choose to share your user contributions or who may view your profile information.
therefore  we cannot and do not guarantee that your user contributions or profile information will not be viewed or used by unauthorized persons.
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
service providers.
we may use third party service providers to help us deliver parts of the service.
for example  we use a third party service to manage our email marketing campaigns.
this system stores your name  email address and the date on which you registered.
when we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information  we require that they comply with this privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
access to and use of portions of the service may require you to open an account (including setting up a spiceworks id and password).
to register  you must provide a valid email address as a spiceworks id.
you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information  including your password  and for any and all activity that occurs under your account.
you agree to notify spiceworks immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password  or any other breach of security.
however  you will be responsible for losses incurred by spiceworks or any other user of the service due to someone else using your spiceworks id  password or account.
by providing us with your email address  you agree to receive all required notices electronically  to that email address.
spiceworks will use this email address in accordance with our privacy policy which can be found at www.spiceworks.com privacy.
you agree that any notices  agreements  disclosures  or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements  including that such communications be in writing.
a.
personally identifiable information
in general  say media does not collect personally identifiable information on the say media services  except as set forth below.
for purposes of this privacy policy   personally identifiable information  is data intended to be used to identify  contact or locate a person  including  name  address  telephone number or e-mail address and any other information (even if non-personally identifiable) provided in combination with such personally identifiable information.
you provide us information about yourself  such as your name and e-mail address  when you register for  use  send messages  or post content on or though the say media services  including registering for the use of certain features such as email newsletters  promotional offers  sharing a design file  sweepstakes  or the  share an ad  or  movie times  features  creating an account on the say media services  and registering with the program as an affiliate.
if you correspond with us by email  we may retain the content of your email messages  your email address  and our responses.
we may also retain any messages or other content you send through or post on the say media services.
say media may collect information about your transactions with us and or our business partners  and combine such information with information about you in our possession.
this information might include information necessary to process payments  such as billing information and your credit card number.
device identifiers 
    when you access the say media services by or through a mobile device  we may access  collect  monitor and or remotely store one or more  device identifiers.
device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile device and are used by say media to enhance your use of the say media services.
a device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware  data stored in connection with the device s operating system or other software  or data sent to the device by say media.
a device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse the say media services.
a device identifier does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.
however  a device identifier may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.
a device identifier may remain persistently on your device  to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the say media services.
some features of the say media services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers are impaired or disabled.
location data 
    when you access the say media services by or through a mobile device  we may access  collect  monitor and or remotely store  location data  which may include gps coordinates ( e.g.
latitude and or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
location data may convey information to us about how you browse the say media services.
location data does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.
however  location data may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.
some features of the say media services  particularly location-based services  may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
log file information    log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.
when you use the say media services  our servers automatically record certain log file information.
these server logs may include information such as your web request  internet protocol ( ip ) address  browser type  referring   exit pages and urls  number of clicks  domain names  landing pages  pages viewed  data about how you interact with links on the say media services  and other such information.
we may display your ip address to the owners or maintainers of certain blogs  groups or communities if you post to those blogs  groups or communities and the owner or maintainer has enabled functionality for this purpose.
third-party data providers 
   say media may supplement the information it collects with other non-personally identifiable information provided by third-party data providers.
the information provided may include estimates of your age  gender and your interests  but does not include personally identifiable information.
if you choose to use our invitation service to invite a third party to the say media service  we will ask you for that person s email address and automatically send an email invitation.
say media stores this information to send this email  to register that third party if your invitation is accepted  and to track the success of our invitation service.
persons invited to use the say media service may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database at privacy saymedia.com.
we use non-personally identifiable information  including cookies  device identifiers  location data  web beacons click-stream data  passive browser information  demonstration data  log file information  and scripts to  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom  personalized content and information.
(c) monitor the effectiveness of our services.
(d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors  traffic  and demographic patterns.
(e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain ip addresses.
(f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
(g) monitor and prevent fraud and abuse.
(h) identify you as an account holder.
(i) require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to prevent others from accessing your account contents.
(j) keep track of preferences you specify while you are using say media services.
(k) conduct research to improve say media services.
(l) monitor advertising-related metrics  in order to provide you with more helpful and relevant advertising.
(m) administer our business ( e.g.
to calculate payments due to our network websites).
and (n) track user content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the digital millennium copyright act.
say media retains the specific anonymous data collected and tied to your computer s unique id as described in this privacy policy for a period of up to twelve months.
such data may be aggregated and used for analytical purposes indefinitely.
6.
how we protect your information
protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.
say media and its related websites are not structured to attract children under 13 years of age.
say media prohibits the use of our websites or services by anyone under 13 years of age.
say media does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for any of the say media services.
if you are under 13  please do not access the say media services or send any information about yourself to us  including your name  address  telephone number  or email address.
in the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
if you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us at privacy saymedia.com.
10.
links to other websites
personal information.
this web site requests non-obligatory personal information from our members.
we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes  including selling.
you are under no obligation to give your real name during registration.
ip addresses.
we use your ip address for tracking purposes only.
when you sign up for our e-newsletter  only your e-mail address is required.
to become a global research member  your email and name are required.
global research will never disclose your name or email address to third parties.
the following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting cruises.co.uk.
you can generally visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information  including your e-mail address.
cruises.co.uk does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis  such as when registering as a new user.
cruises.co.uk will not share e-mail addresses nor any information submitted by a user when accessing our web site with anyone outside cruises.co.uk nor will cruises.co.uk disclose user information to any third party.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.mapstone.net send directly to your browsers.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
i still believe in the people of america.
and so ann and i join with you to earnestly pray for this great nation.
thank you  and god bless america.
email 
zip code 
comments
this field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
merchandise facebook twitter
we built dashlane with the clear understanding that your personal data is private and that it should not be accessible to anyone  not even us.
here is what that means   
 every bit of personal data you enter and store in dashlane is completely unreadable to us   because it is encrypted with aes-256  and the encryption key is derived from your master password which is completely unknown to us.
if sync is enabled on your account  only your encrypted data is transmitted  to us to allow syncing.
this synced encrypted data that we have cannot be directly linked back to any user  and is never shared.
if you disable sync  your encrypted data is only stored on your device  and the data that was previously synced to our servers is destroyed.
the only personal information we have on you is your email address   and your mobile phone number if you chose to give it to us for security purposes when you created your account.
we use this to communicate with you about your account.
this information will never be shared unless you explicitly ask for it.
we collect technical and usage data to analyze how our product performs for you   and for us to improve the quality of dashlane.
this data is is completely anonymized except for gender  birth year and zip code  and cannot in any way be linked to your individual personal information   not even the email address you registered with us.
privacy policy  for more details  download our privacy policy.
(last updated july 16th 2014)
We collect personal information for various business purposes when you interact with us, such as providing you with a subscription, processing your order, responding to requests for service or assistance, creating and improving our products and services, suggesting additional or different products or services, and protecting our rights and property.
We collect information about you in two basic ways: First, we receive information directly from you.
Second, through use of cookies and other technologies, we keep track of your interactions.
Your Choices  
 You can stop receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in the email you receive.
You may cancel your registration or deactivate your account, or update your preferences at any time.
You can manage cookies using your browser controls.
You can opt out of the use of certain cookies.
Individual products or services may offer additional controls or preferences.
Uses of Information
When you register we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests.
Once you register with Geekdo and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Geekdo automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Geekdo cookie information, and the page you request.
What We Collect and Store Automatically 
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit: 
 The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website; 
 The type of browser and operating system used to access our site; 
 The date and time you access our site; 
 The pages you visit.
and 
 If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website.
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.
If You Send Us E-mail 
You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in e-mail with a comment or question.
We use the information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request.
Sometimes we forward your e-mail to other government employees or authorized concessioners who may be better able to help you.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations.
contact information about the notifier including address  telephone number and  if available  e-mail address
log in to your account  username email password  
  facebook login login
signup
reset password
just type your name  email and company name in the text boxes on the left near the top of the site  and click subscribe.
we use cookies to anonymously track traffic through our site.
your web browser also provides information such as your ip address  browser version and language.
all of this is anonymous.
some of the network information gci obtains in the course of providing telecommunications service to you is known as  customer proprietary network information  (cpni).
examples include who  when  and where you call  how much you spend on telecommunications services  which service plans to which you subscribe and billing information.
you have the right at any time to decline to receive these offers.
if you do not want to receive these offers on services to which you do not currently subscribe  please send an email to gciprivacy gci.com with your name as it appears on your gci bill and your telephone number.
declining to hear these offers will not affect the provision of any services to which you subscribe.
gci will honor your decision to decline these offers until you affirmatively tell us otherwise.
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
we also reserve the rights to publish any information regarding violations.
info hashes  ip addresses and all other information that is supplied to the site will be considered our right to publish.
Nordstrom does not share customer information (including e-mail addresses) outside the Nordstrom family of companies unless it is necessary to provide you with products or services available from Nordstrom.
We may also disclose information when you tell us to do so, to identify or contact you, to protect your rights or the rights of Nordstrom or as required or permitted by law.
If you have any other questions or concerns regarding how Nordstrom manages, accesses or uses your personal information, please write us at PO Box 21986, Seattle, WA 98111-3986, e-mail us at privacy@nordstrom.com or call 1-866-554-6591.
