Argos does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 18.
If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the Argos website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.
1.
When you register and use this site:
You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details.
We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise.
We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
Some of our services will require further details.
For example, when using the Gift list service, this will require further information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your chosen guests to see your list details.
In addition, we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies below).
2.
We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us: (a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold with us.
(b) to administer our website services.
(c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.g.
product, home and motor, financial and travel services.
(d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment.
(e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g.
(market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.
(f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and/or services which we think will interest you from the information we have.
(g) we may keep you informed of such products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties, insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods: 
Email
Telephone (including automated calls)
SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging
Post
Or otherwise
 (h) to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
4.
We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
In particular we will carry out searches with credit reference agencies.
6.
We may store and process your information on our own information technology systems or on systems owned by third parties that may store and process your information on our behalf.
Crime prevention
7.
In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
Without limitation to the foregoing, we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police or any regulatory or government authority including and not limited to law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities.
Telephone calls
8.
Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together with other customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for complaint resolution.
Disclosure of your information
11.
In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area.
Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data.
Cookies
13.
This site uses cookies which are text files which contain small amounts of information that a website can send to, and store on, your computer or device through your browser.
Cookies may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website to make our website more user-friendly.
This may include, for example, remembering your postcode for you so you don't have to re-enter it every time you check the stock levels for an item you are interested in.
In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.
20.
You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee (see Contact us below).
Contact information.
For example, we might collect your name and street address.
We might also collect your phone number or email.
Payment and billing information.
For example, we collect your credit card number and zip code when you buy a ticket.
Information you post.
For example, we collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site.
Demographic information.
We may collect information about events you like or products you buy.
We might collect this as part of a survey, for example.
Other information.
If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you're using.
We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
If you use our mobile app, we may collect your GPS location or your device's unique identifier.
We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using, or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running.
We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you.
For example, if you register for a promotion or buy tickets.
We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question.
We collect information from you passively.
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons.
To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here.
We get information about you from third parties.
For example, if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications.
The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you.
This could include your name and email address.
Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
Our sites and apps are meant for adults.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us here.
You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy.
Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request."
If you install or use our mobile application, software and services, including any accompanying documentation (collectively, "App"), we grant you a limited right to install and use the App on a single authorized device located in the United States and its territories or in another country where we may offer the App.
You may use the App for your personal, non-commercial and entertainment purposes only.
You agree to also comply with Apple's App Store Terms of Service, which you can find at http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#SERVICE.
We do not grant you any rights to any related documentation, support, upgrades, maintenance or other enhancements to the App.
We will not provide you with any device, internet access or wireless connection to use the App.
We are not responsible for any interaction between you and another App user, or information you transmit through the App (including your location).
Violation of these Terms
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino may occasionally change the features and content found on their sites.
Consequently, our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the sites.
We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices.
We do not ask for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while using our mobile optimized websites.
By using this Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Use.
We may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we make material changes to our policy, we will post a prominent notice on the home page of the Web site so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you will be apprised of any changes.
We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino.
Such information is collected to process and fulfill online entries.
For example, we need your full name, postal and email address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won, and notify you about any updates or changes to our site.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day of the numbers you have chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or the number of Diamonds earned at PCHslots.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day that you play, of the numbers you submitted for the Last Chance Drawing and the current number of Jackpot balls you possess and when they expire.
We may also forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We may utilize the services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
We may also request additional information about the offers and services on our sites.
We gather this data in order to better understand our users' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information.
We may collect Information about your mobile device such as Device ID, Operating System Version, Browser Type, Service Provider, Mobile Device Model, Screen Resolution, Language, Country, City, and Mobile Input Selector (touch screen, etc.)
to service you the correct version of the website on your device.
Through the use of "cookies" and "pixel tags" (both described below) and online and registration forms, we may collect personal data on, among other things, the following information:
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the sites, to track users movements around the sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
United collects and maintains personally identifiable information about customers through our websites and through offline transactions such as over the telephone, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent, and in person at United counters or at United Club locations.
Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, passport number, credit card numbers, phone numbers, and email addresses.
In addition, when you use our websites, certain user information and site activity data is collected.
Further details on the information we collect is described below.
MileagePlus information
If a medical or other emergency occurs while on board, boarding, or disembarking a United aircraft, United may share customer information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary.
Additionally, United may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.
Children
Due to the nature of our services, travel purchase informationincluding personal informationmay be collected by United from children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations or for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide services.
We may retain personal information when necessary to provide transportation to a child under 13.
United does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 other than when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations or for safety and security reasons.
In addition, if you learn that your child has provided us with personal information online without your knowledge, you may contact us by sending an email to web-mpi@united.com, or by calling 1-800-421-4655 and ask us to delete this information from our records.
This will unsubscribe the child from any marketing or promotional opportunities.
Uniteds personal device entertainment service
If you use this service, we may collect information about you, which includes, but is not limited to, name, credit card, etc.
We will also collect the "Media Access Control Address" or "MAC Address" of the personal electronic device that you are using to access Uniteds personal device entertainment service.
The MAC Address is an identifier attached to a network adapter, such as your Wi-Fi card, device or component.
We assign your computer or device a dynamic IP Address that varies from session to session when you use Uniteds personal device entertainment service.
We may associate your MAC Address and IP Address with your personally identifiable information or other information such as entertainment choices.
United uses personal information collected in conjunction with registration or purchases on our websites and offline purchases and transactions to complete transactions and fulfill requests for services.
We also use your personal information to provide you with a more effective customer experience.
In order to do this, United may process your information or combine it with other information that we have about you or that is publicly available.
In addition, United may share this information with third parties for the purpose of providing you with services, information or promotional opportunities that may be of interest to you from United and such third parties and for advertising products and services on third-party sites.
We provide information collected from you to airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies or other contracted third parties to facilitate the successful fulfillment of your travel arrangements or for the specific purpose for which you provided the information.
As an added service, subject to your opting out as described below, your purchase behavior may also be analyzed to identify and present custom offers that may be of interest to you.
MileagePlus
United and its third-party service providers, including ad networks, use cookies, pixel tags (also known as Web beacons), ad tags and similar files and technical devices on our site (collectively "cookies") to collect information about your use of our site which includes, but is not limited to, the IP Address used to access this site.
your browser type and operating system.
Web pages you view.
links you click.
websites visited before and websites visited after.
website browser history.
and information about your interaction with our site, including information related to your searches, profile and travel destinations.
We may combine this information with other information that we have about you.
Information regarding domain names is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar site usage information in order to know how to improve the sites content.
Children
When you register for an account to use peoplesmart.com, we may collect the following information: 
 Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and password 
 Your birthdate 
 Content that you create (also known as user-generated content)
While registration is free, if you choose to purchase certain additional services and products, we may collect the following personal information: 
Credit card or other billing account information
Billing address
Transaction-related information
Fraud prevention information (see Fraud and Abuse Prevention)
Additional Information
In order to provide certain services, we may collect additional information from you.
When you search for a person using our website, we collect a log of your searches.
If you wish to enhance your search results using information from third-party services such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we may ask you to give us authorization to access information about you stored in those third-party services.
To use our identity protection products, we may ask for the following personal information: 
Your legal name
Your current residence
Your Social Security Number
Knowledge-based authentication questions that only you would know
Technical and Analytic Information
We automatically collect technical and analytic information from both registered users and anonymous visitors to our website.
We generally treat this information as non-personal.
This information includes, but is not limited to: 
Your IP address
The referring link that brought you to our website
The browser and operating system you are using to access our website
Data that we may have previously stored in cookies on your computer
Which pages on our website you visit
How do we collect information about you?
Services You Authorize
We use several methods to collect technical and analytics data, including the following: 
Cookies.
We may set and access our cookies on your computer.
peoplesmart.com uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A session cookie expires when you close your browser.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the site and log in to your account.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
We use persistent cookies to track usage of our site to improve your experience, and to remember your preferences.
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browsers help directory.Learn more about cookies.
You may disable cookies in your browser settings, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.
Third-Party Cookies.
The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy.
We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our partners, affiliates, and service providers use session and persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, monitor site usage and performance, and provide targeted ads.
Web Beacons.
Our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site.
We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers or Users personally identifiable information.
Flash Cookies.
We use Flash cookies (also known as local storage objects or LSOs) to store content information and preferences.
Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site, prevent fraud, or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, may use LSOs to collect and store information.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
To manage Flash LSOs pleaseclick here.
Log Data.
Your browser automatically sends certain data that is recorded by our servers every time you interact with this website, including your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, and search terms.
What do we use your information for?
We partner with certain third party vendors to prevent fraud and abuse.
When you make a purchase, we analyze your payment information and unique device identifiers (including, but not limited to, IP address, geographical location, browser and operating system settings, and device ID) to identify suspected fraudulent activity and block it.
When you browse our website, we may use trusted third-party tools to analyze website usage, monitor performance, and prevent fraud.
All analytics and performance data collected by third-party tools is anonymous.
We may use these tools regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser.
Information Collected
 As you interact with GM, there may be opportunities for you to provide us with your information.Additionally, we may collect certain information about you or your vehicle as further described below.
You may provide us with information about you or your vehicle through a number of sources: GM websites, product and related events, test drive or other incentive applications, surveys, social media platforms (i.e., when you register for a GM sponsored sweepstakes via the GM Facebook Fan page), sweepstakes entries and through our customer call centers.
We receive information about you through vehicle sales records provided by your dealer and we may obtain, with your consent, data obtained from your vehicles Event Data Recorder (EDR) as described in your owners manual (i.e., how various systems in your vehicle operate, the speed and distance of your vehicle).
For additional information about EDR data, please see your owners manual.We also may obtain information about you and your vehicle from GM affiliates, GM dealers, GM licensees for consumer merchandise, GM credit card bank partners and other sources such as companies that provide lists of potential vehicle purchasers and current owners, if such companies are permitted to share your information with us pursuant to their privacy statements.
The types of information that GM collects about you may include, but are not limited to: 
contact information (such as name, address, city, state and ZIP code, email address and telephone number)
vehicle information (such as vehicle identification number (VIN), make, model, model year, selling dealer, servicing dealer, date of purchase or lease and service history)
vehicle performance data (such as engine and transmission performance, airbag deployment conditions or crash or near crash information about how a vehicles systems performed)
demographic information (such as age range, marital status and household composition)
non-credit-related marketing profile information (such as when you plan to purchase or lease.
the vehicle in which you're interested)
relationships you have with GM in addition to the purchase and servicing of your vehicle (such as through a GM Rewards Card or OnStar)
incentive eligibility verification information (such as college name, branch of service or credit union name for vehicle purchase programs)
Social Security Number (in limited circumstances GM may collect SSN, for example if you win a sweepstakes or receive compensation that must be reported for government tax purposes)
investor information (name, address, phone number and email address)
stockholder services information (such as account information)
photographs such as those that you may submit for contests or sweepstakes
You may choose to forward information from one of our websites or emails to another person through our Forward to a Friend program.Email addresses submitted to our E-card or other Forward to a Friend programs will not be captured for later use in marketing unless the recipient opts into receiving additional marketing materials from GM.
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
 GM websites use cookies to remember user preferences and to maximize the performance of our website and services.Using cookies on our websites provides benefits to you, such as allowing you to maintain your account login information or contact information on Request a Quote forms between visits, or locating a nearby dealer.
In addition, we use information gathered from cookies to autofill fields on forms such as the city, state or zip code associated with your IP address.
This information can be corrected by you before submitting any form or inquiry or you can disable the cookie as discussed below and the information will not be collected.
Similarly, we may also place Web beacons in our emails to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver the email and any URL accessed through our email message.
To measure site activity and provide a better user experience, we may allow our service providers or business partners to compile information from the cookies, Web beacons or other technologies on our websites which may include information about your visit (such as demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page and the day and time of your visit).
We may also allow third party advertising and personalization partners to use this information to develop personalized content and appropriate advertising based on your visits over time on GM web sites and non-GM web sites.
This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising campaigns or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you.
At this time, we do not currently honor do no track signals from a web site browser.
However, you may refuse or delete cookies.
Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other technologies and how to manage their use.
If you elect to refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer, or change browsers.
If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a website may be impaired.
GM Dealers
 When you buy or lease a GM vehicle from a GM dealer, the dealer will share your information with GM as the vehicle manufacturer.
Please be aware that each dealer operates as a separate legal entity and you should read the dealers privacy statement to ensure that you understand its privacy practices and procedures.
Additionally, because the GM dealer often is the first contact with you, the dealer can answer any questions you may have about its privacy practices.
While GM encourages its dealers to ensure full compliance with all applicable privacy legislation and has provided information to our dealers relating to privacy obligations, GM is not responsible for dealers compliance with applicable law.
When completing a purchase or lease agreement or signing a service repair order with the GM dealer, you should be provided with information describing the dealership's privacy practices and related policies that explain that certain personal information that you provide to the dealer may be shared with GM or others in accordance with this Statement.
Frequently Asked Questions
 Q1: How long will my opt-out preferences last?
A: Your GM telephone and email opt-out preferences will be honored in accordance with applicable law and will remain in effect unless you take action to opt back in to receiving materials from us (for example by Request a Quote or completing a Business Reply Card).Your GM direct mail opt-out preferences will expire three (3) years from the date of your submission.
You can change or update your opt-out preferences by clicking here.
Q2: Does my vehicle have a black box to record data?
A: GM vehicles, like other modern motor vehicles, have a number of sophisticated computer systems that monitor and control several aspects of the vehicle's performance.
GM vehicles use on-board vehicle computers to monitor emission control components to optimize fuel economy, to monitor conditions for air bag deployment and, if so equipped, to provide anti-lock braking and to help the driver control the vehicle in difficult driving situations.
Some information may be stored during regular operations to facilitate repair of detected malfunctions.
other information is stored only in a crash event by computer systems, such as those commonly called event data recorders (EDR).To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy, refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicles owner manual.
Toys"R"Us may collect any information (such as first and last name, credit card number, address, e-mail address and telephone number) that you provide when you interact with Toys"R"Us.
Some examples are when you:
Make an online or in-store purchase;
Create or edit your Registries and Wish Lists;
Participate in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.
Download an application.
Participate in a game or other promotion on a Toys"R"Us Site or at one of our partner's websites.
Fill out a survey or questionnaire.
Sign up for our rewards program or other program or club.
Engage with Toys"R"Us content through third-party social networking sites.
Purchase a product as a result of visiting a Toys"R"Us Site, such as through our partner i-Parcel.
Set up the parental controls for the Tabeo tablet.
or 
Contact a Toys"R"Us customer service representative.
Each time you visit a Toys"R"Us Site or the websites of any of our partners or use any of our mobile apps, we may automatically collect certain types of information.
Some examples of automatic information we may collect are as follows:
We may record your internet service provider's address, your internet protocol or IP address, the web page from which you came, your web browser software, the type of handheld or mobile device used to link to the web page, and the language settings on your web browser.
We may collect a record of your activity or your "clickstream" while visiting Toys"R"Us Sites.
We may use "cookies" of different types to recognize your computer.
A cookie is a small text file that a website, online application, or e-mail may save to your internet browser and/or your computer's hard drive for use in subsequent visits to Toys"R"Us Sites or other sites.
and 
We may use web beacons, match scripts, pixel tags or similar technologies that allow us to know if a particular web page was visited, an e-mail opened, links in the email utilized or if the advertisements on the Toys"R"Us Sites or other sites were effective.
In some instances, these technologies may allow us to match activities with particular users.
and
We may collect any information you enter, share or that can be obtained from your use of our apps, games, contests, or promotions.
Information you provide at our Retail Stores may be combined with information that you provide online at Toys"R"Us Sites, as well as with information about your product interests and purchases we collect automatically.
The information you provide to Toys"R"Us may also be combined with demographic and other information that is available from other sources in order to allow Toys"R"Us to better communicate with you and enhance our customer service and your shopping experience.
These service providers are granted access to some or all of your personal information as necessary and may use cookies (as defined above and below) or other automatic collection technology on our behalf.
The service providers are contractually restricted in the ways they may use your personal information.
Third-party apps preloaded or downloaded to the Tabeo may collect your child's name, username or screenname, photos, video, or audio recordings, geolocation information, and IP address or other persistent identifiers.
Certain apps may permit in-app purchases or include social network features.
You should review the privacy policy of each application before you allow your child to access or download an app on the Tabeo.
Toys"R"Us may participate in interest-based advertising.
Toys"R"Us may automatically collect information regarding how you browse websites, use apps, play games, and shop in order to enhance your customer experience, improve our customer service, and provide you with communications and promotions from us or others.
The goal of interest-based advertising is for Toys"R"Us or its advertising partners to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests.
II.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER?
PBS collects two types of information from visitors to the Site: (A) Personally Identifiable Information, and (B) Non-personally Identifiable Information (information such as IP Addresses and cookies, which allow for a better use of the Site).
Uses of this information are discussed in Section III.
A.
Personally Identifiable Information
PBS will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis upon request.
Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card information.
Paid Products and Services:While the majority of our Site is free, we may charge fees for select products and services.
To enable the purchase of these and other products, we collect your telephone number, e-mail address, billing address and credit card information.
Support of Member Stations and other public broadcasting entities:On certain pages within the Site, PBS may offer visitors the opportunity to make a donation in support of public broadcasting entities, programs and series, or to order products, subscriptions or other services offered by PBS Member Stations.
If a visitor chooses to make a donation or order such other products or services, PBS will collect and store your telephone number, e-mail address, billing address and credit card information.
Forums, Feedback and Content Submissions:
On some pages of the Site, you can submit content to be published, make community postings, comments, suggestions, and vote.
We may collect name, address, and e-mail addresses in connection with these activities.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers:On occasion, we may collect personal information from users in connection with optional (i.e., you opt-in to participate in these offers) sweepstakes, contests or special offers.
Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection.
Listservs and E-mail Newsletters:
On occasion, we may collect personal information from users in connection with optional (i.e.
you opt-in to subscribe to these services) listservs and e-mail newsletters.
Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection.
For example, we may collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain, as well as related information such as the date on which you visit the Site.
This information does not identify you personally and is only used in the aggregate.
In addition, we may send one or more cookies when you open any emails sent by or on behalf of Byliner.
Cookies may be used to later target advertising to you  including advertising serviced on third party networks.
For example, if you open an email sent by us, then we may later serve you a Byliner advertisement while you are on Facebook.
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services.
Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your browser may offer you a Do Not Track option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites.
Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.
We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(Google), including the features for demographics and interests reporting.
You can find out more about this service at http://www.google.com/analytics.
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address, which we do not link to any personally identifiable information) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services to us relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Googles behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You can configure your browser software to disable the use of cookies but this may prevent you from making full use of our website.
You can also stop being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by going to Googles site at: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons), which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously.
No personally identifiable information from your Byliner account is collected using these clear gifs.
In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make Byliner better for our users.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information.
(c) target and re-target advertising on the Byliner service as well as third party services.
(d) monitor the effectiveness of our service.
(e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic.
(f) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
and (g) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
Byliner allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the Byliner site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Byliner.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.
Byliner does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.
However, please note that if an advertiser asks Byliner to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.
InfoSpace collects some anonymous information each time you visit an InfoSpace Site so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience.
We collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type.
You do not have to register with InfoSpace before we can collect this anonymous information.
If you contact InfoSpace, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your e-mail address.
Third Party Information Gathering
We use cookie and web beacon technology to track which pages on the InfoSpace Sites our visitors view and which Web browsers our visitors use.
We may also use cookies to help us provide personalized features and preferences to you within various InfoSpace Sites in a way that may be linked to individual user information that you elect to share with us.
We also use "action tags" to assist in delivering the cookie.
These action tags allow us to compile statistics and other data about our customers on an aggregate basis, by embedding a random identifying number on each user's browser.
Then we track where that number shows up on our site.
Sharing
We collect personal information about you in various ways.
We may also get information from other sources, including from affiliates, and may combine it with information we collect about you.
Personal information does not include information that is not used to identify you, including aggregate or anonymous information.
Information you give us.
The personal information we collect includes information you give us, such as name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, social security number or other government identification number, demographics, activities, location information, and personal preferences.
You may give us information in a variety of ways, including when you sign up for Services, communicate with customer care or register on www.sprint.com.
Information You Give Us
 We collect and store information you provide through our websites, mobile applications, or in our stores.
For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account, call us with a question, create a List, write a review, or use any of our services.
The information we collect from you includes things like:
Your name
Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your credit card number and other payment information
Your driver's license number
Credit application information, such as your Social Security number
Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences
Automated Online Information Collection
 We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior, personalized shopping experience, whether you are online or in our stores.
This information includes your IP address, browsing behavior while on our website, browser and device characteristics, and referring URLs.
This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies, including various types of cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and tags.
Learn more about managing cookies, Flash cookies, and other automated online information collection.
These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites, and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores.
Location Information
 Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores.
To allow any application to identify your location, you must enable this functionality through your mobile device's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi, GPS signals, cell tower position, or other technologies.
Best Buy has no control over your device's settings.
Store Cameras
 Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business.
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website.
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Privacy Policy Updates
If you purchase certain services, such as airline tickets, for other travelers, we will collect the names of the other travelers.
You must make sure that you have the right to provide such information.
By providing any Personal Data of another traveler, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect, use and disclose such Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data of other travelers is collected only for the purpose of providing such other travelers' names to the appropriate travel supplier, such as the airline on which travel will occur.
Data Providers: We also allow data providers to collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), when you visit our Site, or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content.
These cookies contain no personally identifiable information.
The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with data providers solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
Analytics/Measurement: We also use third-party analytics cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use the Site, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant.
The data we gather includes which web pages you have viewed, which referring/exit pages you have entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our Site.
We also make use of analytics cookies as part of our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our website after they have been shown an online advertisement, which may include advertisements on third-party websites.
Remarketing Pixel Tags: In addition, we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with third-party advertising companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis on our site and other sites.
For these purposes, we and our third-party advertising companies may place pixel tags (also called clear gifs) on some of the pages you visit on our site.
We will then use the non-personally identifiable information that is collected using these pixel tags to serve you relevant advertisements when you are visiting other sites on the Internet.
These advertisements may be targeted to specific searches you conducted on priceline.com during earlier browsing sessions.
Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services.
Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information.
We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your Kinja account to authenticate to a third-party website or application, or visit a third-party website that includes a Kinja button or widget.
Kinja uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them.
The Company reserves the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message or other content posted by you or where such information is otherwise relevant.
The Company may log all internet protocol addresses accessing the Services and other information about users' access, and maintain backup copies of content indefinitely.
5.
Advertisements
our visitors  privacy is important to us  and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the nickelodeon sites permitting such visitors  our privacy practices are guided by the united states  children s online privacy protection act of 1998  as well as data privacy laws in the united states and other applicable countries  younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information
information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices  such as your ip address  cookie id  and other unique device identifiers 
and
we may use a number of advertising networks  analytics service providers and other such companies to  for example  serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the nickelodeon sites 
these companies may use their own unique identifiers  and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours 
these companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies  which we encourage you to review
you have the right to access  update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you
we may request or collect certain information when you visit the nickelodeon sites 
however  visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity
a  registration information   the information required to register varies by site  but may include   a  birth date 
 b  gender 
 c  country 
 d  state 
 e  zip code 
 f  user name and password 
 g  wireless telephone number 
 h  email address 
and  i  other profile information such as avatar preferences  communications preferences  and interests 
if the site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old  the child may be asked to provide his or her parent s or guardian s email address 
for certain countries  visitors or their parents guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account 
accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted
when you use social networking platforms and plugins  you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection  use  and disclosure of such information 
in addition  they may be able to collect information about you  including your activity on the nickelodeon sites  and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the nickelodeon sites 
such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you 
for more information about login with facebook  please go here 
for more information on flux  please go here 
please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them
c computer information collected by us   when visitors come to a site  we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices  such as the type of computer operating system  e g  windows xp or mac os  the visitor s ip address  the web browser  e g  internet explorer  safari  chrome and firefox  udid  for certain mobile devices  information about the websites visited before and after visiting the site  the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the nickelodeon sites  interactions with e mail messages sent by a site or the viacom family of companies   e g    links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded  information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies  see below  information regarding the internet service provider  and other standard server log information  computer information
we may use cookies  web beacons  tokens or similar technologies  collectively referred to as  tracking technologies  on the nickelodeon sites 
 cookies   which may be html files  flash files or other technology  are text files that help store user preferences and activity web beacons   also known as image tags  gif or web bugs  are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data  such as counting page views  promotion views or advertising responses tokens  are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server  such as adobe s pass service  to a user s device to identify an interaction session  such as the authentication for a user s cable provider service  and which are usually stored as an http cookie 
the site and or third parties may use tracking technologies to collect computer information automatically as you browse the site and the web
we may use tracking technologies to help tailor our content  allow users to move between certain nickelodeon sites without logging into each site  enable the internal functioning of the nickelodeon sites  understand site and internet usage  improve or customize the content  offerings or advertisements on this site  personalize your experience on the site  for example  to recognize you by name when you return to the site  understand your interactions with email messages originating from the nickelodeon sites or the viacom family of companies  such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded  save your password  save your online game or video player settings  enable you to use shopping carts  help us offer you products  programs or services that may be of interest to you  deliver relevant advertising  maintain and administer the nickelodeon sites  these tracking technologies collect  click stream  data and additional other information regarding your visits to the nickelodeon sites  such as your visits to specific webpages  use of features  purchasing history or preferences  may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the nickelodeon sites and other websites offered by the viacom family of companies and may also collect your ip address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site  identifier 
an identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the nickelodeon sites 
when a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of nickelodeon programing in the nick mobile app  a third party token is stored on the user s mobile device so that the subscriber can view nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re authenticate his cable service subscription
d 
computer information collected by others   the nickelodeon group uses the services of third parties who may collect  use or disclose cookie information  ip addresses or other identifiers from devices and or browsers of users who visit nickelodeon sites 
for a list of these third parties on nickelodeon sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13  please go here 
nickelodeon sites use a variety of third party advertising networks  data exchanges  traffic measurement service providers  marketing analytics service providers  and other third party service providers  collectively   third party advertising service providers  to  for example  serve advertisements on the nickelodeon sites  facilitate targeting of advertisements  and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and or traffic on the nickelodeon sites  targeting services 
these targeting services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the nickelodeon sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you 
targeting services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements 
see here for more information on this site s use of nielsen s proprietary measurement software to collect and use video viewing metrics and other information 
nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13
e contests and sweepstakes   the nickelodeon sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes 
to enter these contests and sweepstakes  you may be required to provide your first name and email address and or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes  on sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13  we may collect the child s e mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes  store such child s email address for the duration of the sweepstakes  and use it for notification if he or she is the winner 
for certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites  we may ask for the email address of the child s parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child s entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child s entry deleted
when visitors to nickelodeon sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter s  they will be asked to provide their first name  email address and the email address of their parent guardian 
we will send the child s parent guardian a notification email informing them of the child s request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent guardian the option to have his or her child s information removed from our newsletter database 
the link to remove the child s information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent  but at any time after receiving this notification email  the child s parent guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter s  by following the  unsubscribe  instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails  parents guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child 
see section v  b  below 
when a child provides a parent s guardian s email address when signing up for newsletter s  that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system
h 
interactive features and services   some of the nickelodeon sites offer interactive features and services  such as message boards  chat rooms  electronic mail services  comment boxes  messaging services  and member profile pages 
for certain countries  on nickelodeon sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old  we either will obtain the consent of the child s parent guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child s postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records 
we use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services
i 
wireless marketing services   consistent with local law  appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions  services  news  programming and information delivered via text messaging and or wireless devices 
to do so  visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number  email address  carrier s name  and or their opinion regarding certain goods and or services 
visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the nickelodeon group and viacom family of companies through one of the following methods   a  filling out the registration information on any nickelodeon sites  wireless marketing registration page 
or  b  sending a specific word  code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material 
the visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services
j  geolocation information   we may collect and store information about your geographic location  but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on nickelodeon sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information 
you may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information 
we use this information  for example  to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings 
respond to visitor s requests for products  services  and information 
manage games 
customize the content visitors see when visiting the nickelodeon sites 
and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from nickelodeon sites and the viacom family of companies  as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products  programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors 
by accepting this privacy policy and using the applicable site  you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above
k 
financial information   we collect and use financial information  such as credit card numbers and security codes  for the limited
purposes described below
i   arcades   users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the nickelodeon sites   e g    games from shockwave com 
purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name  billing and or shipping addresses  billing address  email address  credit card number  control payment number  pin  card security code  expiration date and or a phone number 
after successfully entering a valid credit card number expiration date and completing the order process  an account is created 
we use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email  as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law   if you make purchases using a pre paid card  we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase
we collect search query information when visitors search for information on the nickelodeon sites 
we also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments
we may use this information  along with any of the other information described above  to  i  analyze use of the nickelodeon sites and understand and improve our service offerings 
 ii  prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities 
and  iii  for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent
we may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below 
in the u s  parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child s personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties
the nickelodeon group uses the services of third parties who may collect  use or disclose cookie information  ip addresses or other identifiers from devices and or browsers of users who visit nickelodeon sites 
for a list of these third parties on nickelodeon sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13  please go here 
some nickelodeon sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content  products  or services that we believe may be of interest 
for example  we may partner with a greeting card company  software manufacturer  social media plugin provider  mobile phone provider or cable television service provider to offer you electronic cards  games  social networking  text messaging services or customized video content 
these partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the nickelodeon sites and  accordingly  may have their own privacy policies  if you consent or register with one of our partners  that means you grant the nickelodeon sites permission to give your registration and other information  including e mail address  to that third party if you have identified yourself as residing in the eu  we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have
 opted in
we may collect personal information about you when you place an order with motorola  including name  address  email address  phone numbers  payment card information  information used to personalize a motorola mobile device or software experience  social security number  or equivalent national identification number  date of birth and other information 
motorola uses this information to facilitate order processing and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order 
additionally  if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service  your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report  if necessary 
such information is required when making a purchase
we may ask you for and collect personal information at other times  including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest 
when you participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by motorola or one of our business partners 
when you complete surveys 
when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by motorola or one of our business partners 
we use the information you provide to help us design and build better products  to customize your shopping experience  and to provide advice and purchase recommendations and for other purposes consistent with this statement 
motorola may also match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers
in addition  our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our web sites 
this information is aggregated to measure number of visits  average time spent on a motorola web site  pages viewed and web site usage information 
we use this information to measure the use of our sites 
to improve the content of our sites 
and to provide tailored advertisements 
aggregated information is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors
motorola may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns and which areas of the motorola site you have visited and your visiting patterns 
this information is sometimes called a  clickstream  motorola may use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns  including what site the user came from 
we use this information to simplify site navigation  to make product recommendations and to help design our site in order to make your experience more efficient and enjoyable 
the use of cookies is relatively standard 
most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies 
however  if you prefer not to store cookies  you can choose to  
 
 not use our sites 
 set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie 
 set your browser to refuse to accept cookies 
 delete our cookies after visiting our site 
 browse our site using your browser s anonymous usage setting  called  incognito  in chrome   inprivate  for internet explorer   private browsing  in firefox and safari etc
motorola may also use services hosted by third parties  such as google analytics for display advertisers  remarketing with google analytics  google display network impression reporting  doubleclick campaign manager and google analytics demographic and interest reporting and evidon to assist in providing services to help us understand our customers  use of our websites and products  and to deliver and manage interest based advertisements 
these services may collect information  such as your ip address  sent by your browser or via cookies 
this information may be used to measure website trends and to deliver a motorola product advertisement while browsing a website including non motorola websites 
these ads are delivered based on a user s visit to the motorola website 
motorola and its third party vendors  including google  use first party cookies  such as the google analytics cookies  and third party cookies  such as the doubleclick cookie  together to report how your ad impressions  other uses of ad services  and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to motorola s website 
 
 please see  cookies  in the section above to learn how you can control the use of cookies on your computer and how you can control your receipt of such interest based ads
when you are on a motorola site and are asked for personal information  you are sharing that information with motorola and its subsidiaries and related companies 
additionally  if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service  your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with motorola 
motorola may also contract with third party companies to perform services for motorola on its website that require these companies to collect website user information  e g 
hosting a website sweepstakes  promotion or survey  selling software downloads or delivering motorola advertisements
in addition  motorola s web sites may allow third parties to provide products and services directly to motorola customers 
such relationships are often designated with a  provided by  or  powered by  company logo or other similarly worded designation 
if you choose to purchase a product or service from such a third party  that party will collect your information and share it with motorola 
you may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page or by clicking on the  provided by company  logo  which will take you to their web site
motorola shares web site usage information about visitors to our web sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with reputable third party advertising companies for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics 
for this purpose  we and our third party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of pixel tags 
the information collected by our third party advertising companies through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable
websites operated by or on behalf of motorola and its worldwide affiliated companies and subsidiaries are intended for use by persons age 13 and over 
motorola does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 13 
no information should be submitted to or posted on motorola s web sites by users under 13 years of age
we will collect information  including personal information and non identifying information  when you interact with us and the site  for example when you   
 access or use the site 
 register  subscribe  or create an account with groupon  
 open or respond to our e mails 
 provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of  or together with  business partners  
 visit any page online that displays our ads or content  
 purchase products or services on or through the site 
 connect or link to any site via social networking sites  
 post comments to online communities 
and 
 provide information to our vendors
we do not share personal information with third party ad servers 
however  third party ad servers may automatically collect non identifying information about your visit to the site and other websites  your device address  your internet service provider and the browser you use to visit the site 
they do this by using cookies  clear gifs and other technologies 
information collected may be used  among other things  to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the site and the other websites tracked by these third parties 
this privacy statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by third party ad servers  and groupon is not responsible for cookies or clear gifs in third party ads 
we encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technologies 
if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers  please visit http www networkadvertising org
you provide us with your personal information when you register  subscribe  create an account  purchase or redeem groupon vouchers  or otherwise when you provide us with your personal information during your interaction with the site 
we also collect personal information when you contact us online for customer service and other support using self help tools  such as email  text  or by posting to an online community
we also receive personal information and other online and offline information from other sources 
groupon will use such information in accordance with applicable laws 
such information  when combined with personal information collected as provided in this privacy statement  will also be handled in accordance with this privacy statement 
we also use cookies  tags  web beacons  local shared objects  files  tools and programs to keep records  store your preferences  improve our advertising  and collect non identifying information  including device data and your interaction with the site and our business partners  web sites
when you access these pages or open email messages  we use pixel tags and web beacons to generate a notice of that action to us  or our vendors 
these tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the site  pages and promotions
device data may be collected when your device interacts with the site and groupon  even if you are not logged into the site using your device 
if you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device  please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings
general   when you register  and at other times  we will collect information from you.
this information falls into two main categories  personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.
your email address and user password are stored on our server.
we also collect other non-pii facts about your computers  profession  interests and similar information.
site usage information   we automatically collect ip addresses and site usage information from you when you visit the sites .
this information helps us evaluate how our visitors and members use and navigate our sites including the number and frequency of visitors and members to each web page  and the length of their visits.
additionally we may collect usage information that is tied to personally identifiable information for purposes of subscription tracking and enforcement  for special features  or to provide enhanced member products and services.
help desk information   should you contact our customer support system with a question or technical concern  we will create and then store a customer support  ticket  that you will fill out.
this is your support profile.
this profile may include first name  last name  phone number  email address  and if needed to address your concern  city state zip and address.
we may use information in the following ways  
 credit card information is used only to process  validate and verify memberships and subscriptions  
 for any purpose  if we announce the purpose in advance  
 to provide notifications about new or existing products and services  special offers from us and from third-party providers  through email  pop-ups or other technology  
 to provide advertisements to you through the sites  email messages  text messages  applications  or other methods of communication  
 to operate and enhance existing features or develop new features  products and services  
 to provide third party service providers (see description of third party service providers  below) with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns  
 to allow us to personalize the content that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.
we may combine the information that we collect from you on the sites with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products  services and sites.
we may use third parties  called third party service providers  to provide premium features such as links to sources of additional information or to conduct surveys.
these third party service providers may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
they may also collect additional personally identifiable information directly on their websites.
they may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the sites and other websites in order to present custom information that may be of interest to you.
if you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by some third party service providers  please visit here.
other user submitted content   we may provide you with the opportunity to submit other content to our sites for viewing by our readers  such as videos  photographs  blog posts or articles.
if you choose to submit material to us  we may ask for information about you and the material you submitted.
we may make public any information that you provide including your name  location and e-mail address.
we employ cookie technology.
read our cookie disclosure statement for more information about our use of cookies.
we use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) on our sites in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns.
we also include web beacons in our e-mail messages including newsletters in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened.
when you view any third party content such as a survey or supplemental references on our sites or on other sites  our third party service provider may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
the sites and our providers may also use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) to note which services pages you visit after viewing our ads.
the information that is collected through the use of these images is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.
we use p3p to allow the use of third party cookies within the family of pjm sites.
p3p (platform for privacy preferences project) is a protocol that allows websites to declare their intended use of information they collect about web browser users.
when this is done some of the default restrictions against third party cookies are relaxed.
we do this to allow all of our sites to use a single database of user information   so that once you register with one of our sites  you will be able to sign in to any of our sites.
additionally  emails we send may contain a bit of code known as a  web beacon.
this code allows us to understand the time and date of when a user has opened an email and when he she has utilized a link within the email to visit a website.
our web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information.
users wishing to disable our web beacons should do so by turning images  off  in their email client (e.g.
outlook  outlook express).
please see your email client for more information.
for those who download the spiceworks desktop application ( desktop )  it is designed to make it easy to inventory and monitor the hardware and software on your network.
this  inventory data  is limited to systems related information about your network devices and how they are configured.
it does not include any non-systems related information such as personal files and content  application specific data files and content  common user directories or other user data and documents.
this inventory data is stored locally in a file on your computer in an encoded format.
access to this file is password protected using the standard operating systems access control mechanisms.
in a standard windows installation  you can find this file and its contents located at c program files spiceworks db spiceworks.db.
your privacy is not for sale
profile information.
we also collect personal information you provide when completing the sections of your spiceworks profile  a project page or a profile page that request personal information.
customer support.
we may collect personal information through your communications with our customer support team.
other information.
we also collect some information from you when you use the service that does not constitute  personal information.
for example  each installed copy of the desktop includes a unique application number.
if you install the desktop  this number and a message indicating whether the installation succeeded or failed  is sent back to spiceworks.
also  when the desktop automatically checks to see if a new version is available  the current version number and the unique application number are sent to spiceworks.
the unique application number is required for the desktop to function properly and cannot be disabled.
from time to time  the desktop also collects anonymous aggregate information about your computing environment.
this information is anonymized and collected into groups so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable company or user.
we also collect information you input into the any web-based offerings made available by spiceworks in connection with your use of those offerings.
automatic data collection.
as is true of most websites  we gather certain information automatically from your browser and store it in log files.
this information includes display size  browser type  referring exit pages  operating system  date time stamp  and various click-stream data.
if your browser has a  private browsing  mode you may be able to block this information from being sent to spiceworks  but in some cases this may impact your ability to use the service.
cookies and related technologies
we use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on our site.
they may collect anonymous information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our products and services.
small pieces of code called web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs  pixel tags and single-pixel gifs)  which are typically one-pixel images embedded in web pages or emails  are used in conjunction with cookies on the service and our emails to help us manage and monitor our online advertising and wider business arrangements with third parties and for the purpose of measuring and analyzing site usage and activity  and improving the quality of the service.
these files allow us to aggregate anonymous information relating to advertising and website usage.
for example  the type of information collected includes information relating to page views.
these web beacons may be used to recognize third party cookies and inform us and or third parties of which advertisement or link brought you to the site  allowing us to monitor the efficacy of our business relationships with third parties.
internal and service-related usage.
we use data you input into or that is collected by the service to perform the services requested in connection with those services.
for example  if you input inventory data into one of the web-based offerings  we will use that information to display that inventory data to you when you use such web-based offering.
we use your payment information to collect payment for the applicable services.
we may store and combine the personal information you submit or we collect via any part of the service with information from other spiceworks services or third parties (including sns) in order to deliver the service  to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services.
we may use anonymized aggregate personal or environment information to provide the services you've requested  including services that display customized content and advertising  and compare your environment configuration to those of the broader user community.
such information does not identify you or your company individually.
we may use browser usage information  which does not identify individual users or companies  to analyze trends  to administer the service  to track users' movements around the site  to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole  and to operate and improve the spiceworks technologies and services.
we may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
advertising.
third party service providers that we use to serve ads on our behalf may also use information about your visits to our site and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services.
this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag  which is industry standard technology used by most major websites.
no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process.
they do not know the name  phone number  address  email address or any personally identifying information about the user.
customer testimonials.
from time-to-time we may ask individual users to participate in customer testimonials posted on our website.
we never post these testimonials without their express permission.
any information provided as part of these testimonials is used solely for the purpose of these testimonials and is not used in any other way.
if you wish to update or delete your testimonial  you can contact us at info spiceworks.com.
parts of our service may include social media features  such as the facebook like button  and widgets  such as the google maps button or interactive mini-programs that run on our service.
these features may collect your ip address and which page you are visiting on our site  and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
these features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our service.
your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
children's privacy
say media  inc.
( say media   we  or  us ) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.
this privacy policy explains how say media collects and uses information at its website located at www.saymedia.com and at other websites and mobile services provided by say media (collectively the  network websites ).
this privacy policy also explains how say media collects and uses information received in connection with advertisements placed by say media on the network websites and on third party affiliate websites  as part of the say media ad platform online program (the  program ) (the network websites  say media advertisement placements  and program are collectively referred to as the  say media services ).
this privacy policy also explains how you can control the collection  correction and or deletion of certain types of information that we collect.
we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
this privacy policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.
further  this privacy policy does not apply to any websites  webpages  blogs  applications  widgets or other services operated by any third party  including our affiliates  advertisers  providers and partners.
in general  say media does not collect personally identifiable information on the say media services  except as set forth below.
for purposes of this privacy policy   personally identifiable information  is data intended to be used to identify  contact or locate a person  including  name  address  telephone number or e-mail address and any other information (even if non-personally identifiable) provided in combination with such personally identifiable information.
you provide us information about yourself  such as your name and e-mail address  when you register for  use  send messages  or post content on or though the say media services  including registering for the use of certain features such as email newsletters  promotional offers  sharing a design file  sweepstakes  or the  share an ad  or  movie times  features  creating an account on the say media services  and registering with the program as an affiliate.
if you correspond with us by email  we may retain the content of your email messages  your email address  and our responses.
we may also retain any messages or other content you send through or post on the say media services.
the advertisements we deliver may offer the ability to interact  including playing a game or viewing a video.
the ad may also give you the opportunity to provide the advertiser with information about yourself.
in some instances  if you choose to interact with an advertisement or provide an advertiser with information about yourself  say media may collect information on behalf of the advertiser.
in that case  the advertiser s privacy policy would apply to the data collected and we will abide by the instructions given to us by the advertiser in our handling of the data.
say media will not associate any information (non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) we collect for an advertiser with any other information we may have collected about you through the say media services.
say media may collect information about your transactions with us and or our business partners  and combine such information with information about you in our possession.
this information might include information necessary to process payments  such as billing information and your credit card number.
when you visit the say media services  say media or third parties such as advertisers  third-party advertising networks  third-party advertising serving companies  and say media business partners  vendors and service providers may collect non-personally identifiable information.
for purposes of this privacy policy   non-personally identifiable information  is data that is not personally identifiable.
say media and these third parties may implement certain technologies to enable the collection of such information.
an explanation of these technologies is below.
device identifiers 
    when you access the say media services by or through a mobile device  we may access  collect  monitor and or remotely store one or more  device identifiers.
device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile device and are used by say media to enhance your use of the say media services.
a device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware  data stored in connection with the device s operating system or other software  or data sent to the device by say media.
a device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse the say media services.
a device identifier does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.
however  a device identifier may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.
a device identifier may remain persistently on your device  to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the say media services.
some features of the say media services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers are impaired or disabled.
location data 
    when you access the say media services by or through a mobile device  we may access  collect  monitor and or remotely store  location data  which may include gps coordinates ( e.g.
latitude and or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
location data may convey information to us about how you browse the say media services.
location data does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.
however  location data may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.
some features of the say media services  particularly location-based services  may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
web beacons click-stream data 
    a web beacon is an electronic file that signals when a webpage  advertisement  video  other content  an email  or a newsletter has been viewed.
we may use web beacons in our emails and newsletters  or on our websites and services.
say media uses web beacons in conjunction with cookies to collect click-stream data that helps us better understand how visitors move from page to page within our websites.
as with cookies  our use of web beacons is anonymous and does not allow us to gather personally identifiable information about you.
demonstrations 
   say media periodically offers visitors to its websites the ability to see demonstrations of services offered by say media.
if you elect to view demonstrations  we may collect non-personally identifiable information in connection with the demonstration of the relevant service.
our collection  storage and use of non-personally identifiable information in connection with such demonstrations are subject to this privacy policy and say media s terms and conditions of service.
log file information    log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.
when you use the say media services  our servers automatically record certain log file information.
these server logs may include information such as your web request  internet protocol ( ip ) address  browser type  referring   exit pages and urls  number of clicks  domain names  landing pages  pages viewed  data about how you interact with links on the say media services  and other such information.
we may display your ip address to the owners or maintainers of certain blogs  groups or communities if you post to those blogs  groups or communities and the owner or maintainer has enabled functionality for this purpose.
scripts 
   a script is a short segment of computer code included in a web page or other content that can be used to set and access a cookie on your computer s hard drive and to record your activity on a website.
say media may use scripts on the say media services  on third-party websites  or in our emails and newsletters.
other third-party service providers 
  in connection with our services  say media may engage third parties to provide services or to support aspects of our business on our behalf.
in connection with those relationships  such third parties may collect data on our behalf.
in that case  the third party would only collect and use such information as instructed by us and in accordance with this privacy policy.
third party use of technologies   
 third parties may set and access their own cookies  use their own web beacons  and use their own scripts on and through the say media services  on and through third-party websites  or in and through our emails and newsletters.
how other companies use their own cookies  web beacons and scripts and the information they gather is subject to those companies  privacy policies  not this privacy policy.
we use the personally identifiable information that we collect to operate  maintain  and provide to you the features and functionality of the say media services.
if you choose to use our invitation service to invite a third party to the say media service  we will ask you for that person s email address and automatically send an email invitation.
say media stores this information to send this email  to register that third party if your invitation is accepted  and to track the success of our invitation service.
persons invited to use the say media service may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database at privacy saymedia.com.
we use non-personally identifiable information  including cookies  device identifiers  location data  web beacons click-stream data  passive browser information  demonstration data  log file information  and scripts to  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom  personalized content and information.
(c) monitor the effectiveness of our services.
(d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors  traffic  and demographic patterns.
(e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain ip addresses.
(f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
(g) monitor and prevent fraud and abuse.
(h) identify you as an account holder.
(i) require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to prevent others from accessing your account contents.
(j) keep track of preferences you specify while you are using say media services.
(k) conduct research to improve say media services.
(l) monitor advertising-related metrics  in order to provide you with more helpful and relevant advertising.
(m) administer our business ( e.g.
to calculate payments due to our network websites).
and (n) track user content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the digital millennium copyright act.
say media will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.
say media only shares personally identifiable information with other companies or individuals outside of the say media services as follows  (1) if say media has your consent to the sharing of personally identifiable information ( e.g.
when you sign up for a particular marketing program that requires the sharing of information).
(2) to assist in delivering services that you have requested from say media ( e.g.
we may use a third party to help send emails in response to requests that you have made).
(3) to provide say media s services to you.
(4) with our advertisers if we have been engaged to collect data on their behalf  as described in the  information we collect  section above.
(5) to respond to subpoenas  court orders or legal process  to assist government enforcement agencies  to establish or exercise our legal rights  or to defend against legal claims.
(6) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate  prevent  or take action regarding third-party claims or allegations  illegal activities  suspected fraud  situations involving potential threats to the safety or property of another person  violation of our terms and conditions of service.
or (7) as otherwise required by law.
note that  with respect to disclosures occurring pursuant to (2) or (3)  above  any third-party with which say media shares personally identifiable information will be bound by this privacy policy.
say media may also store personally identifiable information and user content in locations outside the direct control of say media (for instance  on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
we may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data  referring exit pages and urls  platform types  number of clicks  etc.)
with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain say media services  and as part of the function of our business.
for example  we may share the number of ad views  ad clicks and content views to help calculate the payments due under the program.
protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.
say media and its related websites are not structured to attract children under 13 years of age.
say media prohibits the use of our websites or services by anyone under 13 years of age.
say media does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for any of the say media services.
if you are under 13  please do not access the say media services or send any information about yourself to us  including your name  address  telephone number  or email address.
in the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
if you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us at privacy saymedia.com.
10.
links to other websites
personal information.
this web site requests non-obligatory personal information from our members.
we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes  including selling.
you are under no obligation to give your real name during registration.
computer information.
we may gather your computer resolution and operating system by using a tracker.
this information is only used to make our site better accessible to the viewers.
when you sign up for our e-newsletter  only your e-mail address is required.
to become a global research member  your email and name are required.
global research will never disclose your name or email address to third parties.
the following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting cruises.co.uk.
you can generally visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information  including your e-mail address.
cruises.co.uk does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis  such as when registering as a new user.
cruises.co.uk will not share e-mail addresses nor any information submitted by a user when accessing our web site with anyone outside cruises.co.uk nor will cruises.co.uk disclose user information to any third party.
Cookies and Web Beacons 
 www.mapstone.net does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
we built dashlane with the clear understanding that your personal data is private and that it should not be accessible to anyone  not even us.
here is what that means
 every bit of personal data you enter and store in dashlane is completely unreadable to us   because it is encrypted with aes-256  and the encryption key is derived from your master password which is completely unknown to us.
if sync is enabled on your account  only your encrypted data is transmitted  to us to allow syncing.
this synced encrypted data that we have cannot be directly linked back to any user  and is never shared.
if you disable sync  your encrypted data is only stored on your device  and the data that was previously synced to our servers is destroyed.
the only personal information we have on you is your email address   and your mobile phone number if you chose to give it to us for security purposes when you created your account.
we use this to communicate with you about your account.
this information will never be shared unless you explicitly ask for it.
we collect technical and usage data to analyze how our product performs for you   and for us to improve the quality of dashlane.
this data is is completely anonymized except for gender  birth year and zip code  and cannot in any way be linked to your individual personal information   not even the email address you registered with us.
privacy policy  for more details  download our privacy policy.
(last updated july 16th 2014)
We collect personal information for various business purposes when you interact with us, such as providing you with a subscription, processing your order, responding to requests for service or assistance, creating and improving our products and services, suggesting additional or different products or services, and protecting our rights and property.
We collect information about you in two basic ways: First, we receive information directly from you.
Second, through use of cookies and other technologies, we keep track of your interactions.
Your Choices  
 You can stop receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in the email you receive.
You may cancel your registration or deactivate your account, or update your preferences at any time.
You can manage cookies using your browser controls.
You can opt out of the use of certain cookies.
Individual products or services may offer additional controls or preferences.
Uses of Information
Geekdo collects personal information when you register with Geekdo, when you use Geekdo products or services, when you visit Geekdo pages or the pages of certain Geekdo partners, and when you enter Geekdo contests.
Geekdo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
Geekdo collects information about your transactions with us.
Geekdo automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Geekdo cookie information, and the page you request.
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website.
ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you.
To learn more about this abehavioral advertisinga practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide this information to us.
However, we collect and store certain information automatically.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website.
What We Collect and Store Automatically 
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit: 
 The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website; 
 The type of browser and operating system used to access our site; 
 The date and time you access our site; 
 The pages you visit.
and 
 If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website.
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.
we use cookies to anonymously track traffic through our site.
your web browser also provides information such as your ip address  browser version and language.
all of this is anonymous.
We use third - party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
We also participate in AOL Behavioral Targeting ( previously TACODA ) to optimize the advertisements you see .
For more information on online advertising and important privacy and safety information , please click here .
This site uses cookies that collect anonymous traffic data and these cookies may be placed by a third - party in order to provide such services .
the site may not be used by anyone with the intention to track usage  log ip addresses usage  commit fraud or anything else that we consider intrusion of privacy or disruption of our service.
if you are not sure if this would be the case for your usage  please contact us in order to get our permission.
we also reserve the rights to publish any information regarding violations.
info hashes  ip addresses and all other information that is supplied to the site will be considered our right to publish.
the british library needs to collect and process information about you to provide you with a customised and personal service  and to carry out its legitimate business.
