Privacy Policy Privacy Policy  (Updated 05 November 2014)  The Website is operated by Argos Limited ("Argos/we/our/us") a company incorporated in England (Company Number 01081551) with registered office at 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 2NW.
Argos is a member of the Home Retail Group ("the Group").
The Group ("we", "us") includes Argos Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance Services Limited, Home Retail Group Personal Finance Limited, ARG Personal Loans Limited, Homebase Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Habitat Retail Limited and their associated companies.
 As user of the website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website (including any transactions you make) is subject to this Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions.
to analyse and profile your shopping preferences eg (market, customer and product analysis) to enable us  to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.
we may keep you informed of such products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties, insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods:  Email Telephone (including automated calls) SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging Post Or otherwise to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter .
The following are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of the Ticketmaster sites and applications where this appears (collectively, the "Site").
 Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License  The Site and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images, artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source code, or software that resides or is viewable or otherwise discoverable on the Site (collectively, the "Content") is owned by us or our licensors.
Forums and User Content  We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds and other forums found on the Site (collectively, "Forums"), and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video recordings, photographs, artwork or other materials to the Forums or other areas of the Site ("User Content").
Claims of Copyright Infringement On The Site  Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") if you believe in good faith that any content on the Site infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed.
There are parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.
Rules for Sweepstakes, Contests and Games  In addition to these Terms, sweepstakes, contests, games or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site may have specific rules that are different from these Terms.
  Mobile Device Application  If you install or use our mobile application, software and services, including any accompanying documentation (collectively, "App"), we grant you a limited right to install and use the App on a single authorized device located in the United States and its territories or in another country where we may offer the App.
You also agree that monetary damages for your abusive use of the Site are difficult to determine and that if you, or others acting with you, request more than 1,000 pages of the Site or make more than 800 reserve requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, you, and those acting with you, will be jointly and severally liable for liquidated damages in the amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) for each page request or reserve request made during that 24-hour period which exceeds those limits.
OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF THE SITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS.
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
Targeted or Behavioral Advertising:  Targeted advertising (also known as Behavioral Advertising) uses information collected about an individuals web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made.
The information collected is linked to an anonymous cookie ID (random alphanumeric number).
 With respect to online transactions, this Privacy Policy applies to transactions conducted within the United States on united.com and any other website within the United ("United") family.
Web beacons (also called "pixel tags") are small strings of code placed on a Web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information.
Offline purchases: reservations by telephone, travel agent or ticket counter In order to book your reservation with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of the United family), or a customer service representative (collectively, "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as credit card numbers, passport numbers, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers.
MileagePlus Information collected from MileagePlus members is used to enroll you in MileagePlus and ensure that you receive applicable mileage credit for travel purchases for participating flights and other MileagePlus participating vendor (partner) activities.
Cookies and other tracking technologies United and its third-party service providers, including ad networks, use cookies, pixel tags (also known as Web beacons), ad tags and similar files and technical devices on our site (collectively "cookies") to collect information about your use of our site which includes, but is not limited to, the IP Address used to access this site.
 Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, Web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
 In addition, third-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAI").
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software encrypts the personal information that is transmitted between you and our websites.
We collect some information that is personal (ie information that identifies you, either alone or in combination with other data.).
  Registration Information   When you register for an account to use peoplesmart.com, we may collect the following information:  Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and password Your birthdate Content that you create (also known as user-generated content) Registration is optional.
Our third party partners employ clear gifs (aka Web Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site.
We use Flash cookies (also known as local storage objects or LSOs) to store content information and preferences.
Technical and Administrative Controls Your information is stored on servers in physically secure locations We implement technical measures to prevent unauthorized access, and keep security patches and software up-to-date Employee access to your information is restricted and audited Sensitive personal information is stored in encrypted form All personal information is encrypted during transfer (for example, when providing credit card information) Payment Information   For processing payments, we use systems that are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
When you make a purchase, we analyze your payment information and unique device identifiers (including, but not limited to, IP address, geographical location, browser and operating system settings, and device ID) to identify suspected fraudulent activity and block it.
  Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act   peoplesmart.com complies with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) where it applies to our information collection practices.
PeopleSmart is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA).
Introduction This website (the Site) is owned and operated by ScienceBlogs, LLC (SB).
SB provides the Site and its services to you subject to the following Terms of Service (the Terms).
The Site, any software used to operate the Site, and the content, services, features, subscriptions, products, merchandise and information that SB offers to users on the Site may be referred to herein collectively as the service.
Purchasing Products If you would like to purchase any merchandise or products offered on the Site (collectively, Products), your purchase will be subject to the terms and conditions of our Purchase Policy.
Materials on the Site, Proprietary Use The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and logos (collectively, Marks) contained or described on the Site (including, without limitation, the ScienceBlogs name and logo, the phylotaxis logo, the Seed logo and logotype, and any Marks associated with any Products) are the sole property of SB, Seed Media Group, and/or suppliers or licensors of SB and may not be copied, imitated or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of SB, Seed Media Group, and/or its suppliers or licensors.
Submissions In the event that we provide users with any venues to submit opinions, information, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material (collectively, submissions) on the Site (collectively, Venues, and including, but not limited to, bulletin boards, chat rooms, blogs, surveys or invitations to e-mail SB with questions or comments), any such Submissions must be original with you (or in the public domain) and be accurate and current.
Financial Matters You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any headlines, excerpts, summaries, news and/or other information provided through the Service (collectively, Information).
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE TERMS, SB, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARY AND OTHER AFFILIATED COMPANIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY, THE SB PARTIES) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Consumer Privacy Statement Last modified: May 28, 2014 Your privacy is important to General Motors Company (GM or we) as is your trust in GMs products and services.
  We receive information about you through vehicle sales records provided by your dealer and we may obtain, with your consent, data obtained from your vehicles Event Data Recorder (EDR) as described in your owners manual (ie, how various systems in your vehicle operate, the speed and distance of your vehicle).
  The types of information that GM collects about you may include, but are not limited to:contact information (such as name, address, city, state and ZIP code, email address and telephone number) vehicle information (such as vehicle identification number (VIN), make, model, model year, selling dealer, servicing dealer, date of purchase or lease and service history) vehicle performance data (such as engine and transmission performance, airbag deployment conditions or crash or near crash information about how a vehicles systems performed) demographic information (such as age range, marital status and household composition) non-credit-related marketing profile information (such as when you plan to purchase or lease.
the vehicle in which you're interested) relationships you have with GM in addition to the purchase and servicing of your vehicle (such as through a GM Rewards Card or OnStar) incentive eligibility verification information (such as college name, branch of service or credit union name for vehicle purchase programs) Social Security Number (in limited circumstances GM may collect SSN, for example if you win a sweepstakes or receive compensation that must be reported for government tax purposes) investor information (name, address, phone number and email address) stockholder services information (such as account information) photographs such as those that you may submit for contests or sweepstakes Use The information GM collects about you and your vehicle will be used: to provide products and services  to maintain customer relationships to operate GM websites to provide customer and vehicle support and service (such as recall information or warranty service) to provide information and product updates to evaluate vehicle performance and safety as described in the vehicle owner manual for safety and product research purposes to verify eligibility for vehicle purchase or incentive programs for marketing purposes to customize and improve communication content to comply with legal requirements You may choose to forward information from one of our websites or emails to another person through our Forward to a Friend program.Email addresses submitted to our E-card or other Forward to a Friend programs will not be captured for later use in marketing unless the recipient opts into receiving additional marketing materials from GM.
Mobile Applications GM has developed certain mobile applications that you may download to your mobile device or vehicle (GM Applications).When you download a GM Application, there may be an opportunity for you to provide us with or for us to obtain information about you or your vehicle.Each GM Application will display a separate Privacy Statement that will inform you about how any information shared via the application will be handled and how to decline such use or uninstall the application.
  Through the Infotainment system, GM may also offer applications developed by third parties (3rd Party Application).
  If you have subscribed to a particular email newsletter or other communication (such as My GMLINK Service Reminders), you should follow the instructions in the email or on a related website to unsubscribe.
  To measure site activity and provide a better user experience, we may allow our service providers or business partners to compile information from the cookies, Web beacons or other technologies on our websites which may include information about your visit (such as demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page and the day and time of your visit).
Data Transfer GM affiliates in the United States (GM US) adhere to the U.S.
Department of Commerce (collectively, European Safe Harbor) as a data processor for certain European customer personal data transfers to the United States.
acts as a data processor for its GM affiliated companies in Europe (GM Europe) when it provides data hosting, technical support, or otherwise obtains incidental access to data about identified or identifiable users of GM Europe's products and services, including Infotainment services (European Customer Data).
Individuals also may raise privacy concerns with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (ICDR/AAA) at the following website: https://apps.adr.org/webfile/.
For Vehicle Purchase Plan (VPP) participants, you may correct your personal information by visiting the following VPP websites.
This privacy policy outlines Toys"R"Us' practices regarding information collected: Online at Toysrus.com, Babiesrus.com, Toyrusinc.com and any other websites operated by Toys"R"Us (the "Toys"R"Us Sites").
and  At Toys"R"Us and Babies"R"Us retail stores in the United States (the "Retail Stores") .
 Toys"R"Us may collect any information (such as first and last name, credit card number, address, e-mail address and telephone number) that you provide when you interact with Toys"R"Us.
Do Not Track Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services.
At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, Toys"R"Us and the Toys"R"Us Sites do not recognize DNT.
 We or our partners may also use Flash cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) or other similar technologies.
The rules set forth herein apply to all materials, online communications and other information that is or becomes available on PBS ONLINE (collectively, "Information").
In connection with the use of PBS ONLINE, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws, including those pertaining to such areas as libel, slander, defamation, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, tort, obscenity, indecency, and copyright or trademark infringement ("Applicable Law").
The Information available on PBS ONLINE may include intellectual property that is protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries ("Intellectual Property Laws").
You shall not post, transmit or make available in any way through PBS ONLINE any software or other materials which contain a computer virus, trojan horse, timebomb, worm or other rogue programming ("Rogue Programming").
The MP3 audio files and XML files that together comprise a PBS-hosted podcast (herein referred to as the "podcast") are protected by U.S.
This Privacy Policy applies to PBS.org (Site).
We use non-personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses or demographic information (zip codes for example) to tailor our Site to the interests/locations of our users and to measure traffic within our Site.
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Byliner when you use Byliner.com or our mobile applications (such as our iPhone app) and related services (together, the Service), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information.
Your browser may offer you a Do Not Track option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites.
These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear Gifs Information  When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (aka Web Beacons), which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously.
If you register at these co-branded sites, we may share your registration information (such as name and email address) with that company.
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy  InfoSpace, LLC ("InfoSpace") owns and operates a number of different sites on the Web (each, an "InfoSpace Site").
Special Notification with respect to Children's Privacy (Users under the age of 13)  In response to concerns about protecting children's privacy online, Congress enacted the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"), which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which Web sites may collect, use and disclose any personal information for children under the age of 13.
(En Espaol)  Sprint Corporation Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Sprint Corporation ("Sprint") will collect, access, use or disclose your personal information.
It applies to all of our products, services, and web sites ("Services").
We offer group accounts to business and government customers, family customers and other group account holders ("Group Accounts").
is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ("Best Buy"), and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy, this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co., Inc.
The Best Buy websites use encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport.
 Priceline.com &amp;reg   is owned and operated by priceline.com LLC (together with its subsidiaries, "priceline.com").
The following describes the privacy policy (as amended or otherwise changed from time to time, the "Privacy Policy") applicable to the services available through the priceline.com web site, our mobile applications and other interfaces (the "Site") from priceline.com.
(Priceline Safe Harbor Entities) comply with the US/EU and US/Swiss Safe Harbor framework ("Safe Harbor") as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union ("EU") and Switzerland.
In particular, the Priceline Safe Harbor Entities adhere to the Safe Harbor with respect to personally identifiable data obtained in the US about:  customers and visitors to this Site from the EU and Switzerland ("European Customer Data").
(ii) suppliers, business partners, customers, and website visitors of our EU and Swiss affiliates ("European Affiliate Data").
and (iii) employees of our EU and Swiss affiliates ("European Employee Data").
 Information We Collect  We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") about you that you provide to us while using the Site.
Priceline Cookies (First Party Cookies):  We, at priceline.com, use our cookies improve your web-browsing experience.
For these purposes, we and our third-party advertising companies may place pixel tags (also called clear gifs) on some of the pages you visit on our site.
If you would like to generally (ie not just for this Site) opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliances Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
By using Kinja (including by simply viewing content on Kinja.com (the Site), you are agreeing that you, and each person you allow to access Kinja through your account, will abide by the terms of the following User Agreement, which is summarized here, and set forth in its entirety below.
This User Agreement is between you and Kinja (We or the Company), and it governs your access to and use of the services, websites, and applications offered by Kinja (the "Service").
User Agreement The following agreement (Terms) describes the terms on which we offer you access to the Services, defined below.
DEFINITIONS  Company  or Kinja or We shall mean each of Kinja, Gawker Media, LLC, Blogwire KFT, and/or any of their affiliates, individually and collectively, doing business as Kinja or otherwise.
 You may not and may not allow any third party to:  modify, adapt, disassemble, decompile, translate, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or structure, sequence and organization of the Services or any portion of any website on which the Services are offered (except where the foregoing is required by applicable local law, and then only to the extent so required under such laws);  use the Service in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Service or another user's use of the Service; remove, obscure or change any copyright, trademark, hyperlink or other proprietary rights notices (Notices) contained in or on the Service or any website on which the Service is offered, Company code embeddable or embedded on a third party web site, and/or Company software; submit any content or material that falsely express or imply that such content or material is sponsored or endorsed by the Company.
 You agree that your use of and conduct on the Service (including any forum, message board, chat or other communication feature), and your User Contributed Content shall be lawful and will not:  violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party, or promote or constitute illegal activity; be in violation of these Terms, any local, state, federal or international law, rule or regulation or the rules of conduct posted with respect to any individual feature of the Services; create user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses or mislead others as to the origins of your communications; trick, defraud or mislead the Company or other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as passwords; make improper use of the Companys support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct; engage in promoting any pyramid schemes or other multi-tiered marketing schemes or engage in promoting any websites or services that are deemed spam, malware, or contain objectionable material in the Company's sole discretion; create or transmit unwanted electronic communications such as spam, to other users or members of Service or otherwise interfere with other users' or members' enjoyment of the Service; disseminate or transmit viruses, worms, Trojan horses, RATs, keyboard loggers, time bombs, spyware, adware, cancelbots, passive collection mechanisms (PCMs), or any other malicious or invasive code or program or upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including, without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1x1 pixels, web bugs, cookies or other similar devices; copy or adapt the Services software including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript or other code; reverse engineer, decompile, reverse assemble, modify or attempt to discover any software (source code or object code) that the Service create to generate web pages or any software or other products or processes accessible through the Service; except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use or launch, develop or distribute any automated system, including, without limitation, any spider, robot (or "bot"), cheat utility, scraper or offline reader that accesses the Service, or use or launch any unauthorized script or other software; cover or obscure any notice, banner, advertisement or other branding on the Service; disguise the source of your User Contributed Content or other information you submit to the Service; interfere with or circumvent any security feature of the Service or any feature that restricts or enforces limitations on use of or access to the Service, Content or the User Content; 4.
Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services.
The Company reserves the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message or other content posted by you or where such information is otherwise relevant.
Please note that we will respond only to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
