motorola may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns and which areas of the motorola site you have visited and your visiting patterns  this information is sometimes called a  clickstream  motorola may use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns  including what site the user came from  we use this information to simplify site navigation  to make product recommendations and to help design our site in order to make your experience more efficient and enjoyable  the use of cookies is relatively standard  most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies  however  if you prefer not to store cookies  you can choose to        not use our sites   set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie   set your browser to refuse to accept cookies   delete our cookies after visiting our site   browse our site using your browser s anonymous usage setting  called  incognito  in chrome   inprivate  for internet explorer   private browsing  in firefox and safari etc motorola shares web site usage information about visitors to our web sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with reputable third party advertising companies for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics  for this purpose  we and our third party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of pixel tags  the information collected by our third party advertising companies through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the sites, to track users movements around the sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Targeted advertising (also known as Behavioral Advertising) uses information collected about an individuals web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made.
This information is then used to select which advertisement should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.com.
For example, if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting pch.com, you may be served an advertisement from pch.com for cooking related products when you visit a site other than pch.com.
The information collected is linked to an anonymous cookie ID (random alphanumeric number).
it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as name, address or credit card number.
The information used for targeted advertising either comes from pch.com or through third party website publishers.
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.com that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers, please click here.
Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from Publishers Clearing House and any other participating advertisers.
If you opt out, you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House.
however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
Using Kinja, User Conduct, and Your Content   Anything you post on Kinja is public.
So make sure youre comfortable with the idea that anyone can view anything you post here.
You shouldnt post any content or use our service to do anything illegal or malicious.
If it turns out any of your content or use is illegal or malicious, Kinja is not responsible  youre responsible.
Please do not hack, attack, or copy Kinja or our services.
While we wouldnt do it without good reason, ultimately Kinja may remove your content or terminate or suspend your account at its sole discretion.
If disputes arise between you and anyone other than Kinja, we have no obligation to participate or assist either party.
1. Registration.
Even if you choose to create an anonymous account, you are still agreeing to all of these Terms.
You may not:  use a false information or an account owned or controlled by another person with the intent to mislead other users maliciously by impersonating that person or for any other reason; use as a User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than yourself without appropriate authorization or in violation of our Content Guidelines.
or otherwise submit false or misleading information to the Company.
Analytics/Measurement: We also use third-party analytics cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use the Site, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant.
The data we gather includes which web pages you have viewed, which referring/exit pages you have entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our Site.
We also make use of analytics cookies as part of our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our website after they have been shown an online advertisement, which may include advertisements on third-party websites.
1.
When you register and use this site:  You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details.
We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise.
We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
Some of our services will require further details.
For example, when using the Gift list service, this will require further information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your chosen guests to see your list details.
In addition, we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies below).
9. We may give information about you to the following companies and organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above: (a) to other companies in the Group.
(b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future.
(c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.
(d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions.
(e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you.
(f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
Please be aware that:   your review may be shared on other Home Retail Group sites.
once submitted, it usually takes 72 hours for your review, question or answer to appear on the website providing it adheres to our Publishing guidelines.
your review can be submitted anonymously or if you prefer you can leave a ratings only review.
it is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission  If you require any further information on this service or wish to have your review removed, you can contact Customer services.
we may use cookies  web beacons  tokens or similar technologies  collectively referred to as  tracking technologies  on the nickelodeon sites   cookies   which may be html files  flash files or other technology  are text files that help store user preferences and activity web beacons   also known as image tags  gif or web bugs  are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data  such as counting page views  promotion views or advertising responses tokens  are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server  such as adobe s pass service  to a user s device to identify an interaction session  such as the authentication for a user s cable provider service  and which are usually stored as an http cookie  the site and or third parties may use tracking technologies to collect computer information automatically as you browse the site and the web we may use tracking technologies to help tailor our content  allow users to move between certain nickelodeon sites without logging into each site  enable the internal functioning of the nickelodeon sites  understand site and internet usage  improve or customize the content  offerings or advertisements on this site  personalize your experience on the site  for example  to recognize you by name when you return to the site  understand your interactions with email messages originating from the nickelodeon sites or the viacom family of companies  such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded  save your password  save your online game or video player settings  enable you to use shopping carts  help us offer you products  programs or services that may be of interest to you  deliver relevant advertising  maintain and administer the nickelodeon sites  these tracking technologies collect  click stream  data and additional other information regarding your visits to the nickelodeon sites  such as your visits to specific webpages  use of features  purchasing history or preferences  may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the nickelodeon sites and other websites offered by the viacom family of companies and may also collect your ip address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site  identifier  an identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the nickelodeon sites  when a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of nickelodeon programing in the nick mobile app  a third party token is stored on the user s mobile device so that the subscriber can view nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re authenticate his cable service subscription personally identifiable information (pii)  is any information collected through the sites that identifies or can be used to identify  contact  or locate you.
pii would include your full name  address  and credit-card number.
pii may include your email address if you have chosen not to use an anonymous email address (e.g.
some people have their full name in their email address  or have a personal website url in their email address).
your email address is your  user name  on our websites.
it is not visible to other users.
in some states even an anonymous email address is considered pii.
pii may include your screen name  if you have chosen not to use an anonymous screen name.
your screen name is visible to other users when you post comments.
third party cookie information for emails.
we  or a data provider we have engaged  may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads  content or services.
no personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies.
the cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us  e.g.
your email address  in hashed  non-human readable form.
to opt-out of these cookies or learn more please go to http aboutads.info
choices or http www.networkadvertising.org choices Registration is optional.
However, if you choose not to register, certain features may not be available to you.
Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Billing Information In order to provide certain services, we may collect additional information from you.
When you search for a person using our website, we collect a log of your searches.
If you wish to enhance your search results using information from third-party services such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we may ask you to give us authorization to access information about you stored in those third-party services.
To use our identity protection products, we may ask for the following personal information:  Your legal name Your current residence Your Social Security Number Knowledge-based authentication questions that only you would know   Technical and Analytic Information When you browse our website, we may use trusted third-party tools to analyze website usage, monitor performance, and prevent fraud.
All analytics and performance data collected by third-party tools is anonymous.
We may use these tools regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser.
InfoSpace collects some anonymous information each time you visit an InfoSpace Site so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience.
We collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type.
You do not have to register with InfoSpace before we can collect this anonymous information.
nobody wants to have his or her personal information sold or misused.
we look at statistics from customer's visits  which tell us  among other things  how many visitors we have and which items are of interest to them.
we use this information to make improvements to our site  and hopefully your experience with us.
however  we do not use this information in any way that personally identifies you.
we do not give  exchange  trade  or sell your information to anyone  period.
cookies information    when you visit the say media services  we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets say media help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.
a cookie may also convey information about how you browse the say media services.
say media uses session  persistent  flash and browser cookies.
the use of cookies on the say media services is anonymous and does not allow us to gather personally identifiable information about you.  a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser.
persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser s directions.
a session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
you can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
however  some features of the say media services may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
device identifiers        when you access the say media services by or through a mobile device  we may access  collect  monitor and or remotely store one or more  device identifiers.
device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile device and are used by say media to enhance your use of the say media services.
a device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware  data stored in connection with the device s operating system or other software  or data sent to the device by say media.
a device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse the say media services.
a device identifier does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.
however  a device identifier may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.
a device identifier may remain persistently on your device  to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the say media services.
some features of the say media services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers are impaired or disabled.
web beacons click-stream data        a web beacon is an electronic file that signals when a webpage  advertisement  video  other content  an email  or a newsletter has been viewed.
we may use web beacons in our emails and newsletters  or on our websites and services.
say media uses web beacons in conjunction with cookies to collect click-stream data that helps us better understand how visitors move from page to page within our websites.
as with cookies  our use of web beacons is anonymous and does not allow us to gather personally identifiable information about you.
we may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data  referring exit pages and urls  platform types  number of clicks  etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain say media services  and as part of the function of our business.
for example  we may share the number of ad views  ad clicks and content views to help calculate the payments due under the program.
say media retains the specific anonymous data collected and tied to your computer s unique id as described in this privacy policy for a period of up to twelve months.
such data may be aggregated and used for analytical purposes indefinitely.
6. how we protect your information you can also limit targeted advertising by configuring your browser s settings or changing the management panel of the adobe flash player to limit your acceptance of or delete cookies.
because the management of cookies in various browsers differs  you should consult the documentation for your browser in order to manage your cookies.  in order to limit the acceptance of or disable  flash  cookies  you must access the management panel of the adobe flash player installed on your computer.
to learn more about the management panel of the adobe flash player and the management of  flash  cookies  please access the following link  http www.macromedia.com
support documentation en flashplayer help index.html.
you can also opt-out of receiving cookies from third-party data providers by following the instructions at  http www.networkadvertising.org managing opt_out.asp.
truste also provides you with ways to opt-out of behavioral tracking at  http preferences.truste.com
truste.
you can opt-out of receiving cookies from targusinfo  a specific third-party data provider  by following the instructions at  http www.adadvisor.net
optout.html.
also  because your choices are not associated with you as a particular individual  if you change computers  web browsers or cookie settings  you will need to re-implement your preferences as described above.
note that if you limit or disable cookies  this does not mean that you will not see ads on the say media services.
instead  ads will be displayed that are based on passive browser information or other information that that may be provided by the say media services at the time of your visit.
9. children s privacy the following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting cruises.co.uk.
you can generally visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information  including your e-mail address.
cruises.co.uk does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis  such as when registering as a new user.
cruises.co.uk will not share e-mail addresses nor any information submitted by a user when accessing our web site with anyone outside cruises.co.uk nor will cruises.co.uk disclose user information to any third party.
other information.
we also collect some information from you when you use the service that does not constitute  personal information.
for example  each installed copy of the desktop includes a unique application number.
if you install the desktop  this number and a message indicating whether the installation succeeded or failed  is sent back to spiceworks.
also  when the desktop automatically checks to see if a new version is available  the current version number and the unique application number are sent to spiceworks. the unique application number is required for the desktop to function properly and cannot be disabled.
from time to time  the desktop also collects anonymous aggregate information about your computing environment.
this information is anonymized and collected into groups so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable company or user.
we also collect information you input into the any web-based offerings made available by spiceworks in connection with your use of those offerings.
we use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on our site.
they may collect anonymous information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our products and services.
small pieces of code called web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs  pixel tags and single-pixel gifs)  which are typically one-pixel images embedded in web pages or emails  are used in conjunction with cookies on the service and our emails to help us manage and monitor our online advertising and wider business arrangements with third parties and for the purpose of measuring and analyzing site usage and activity  and improving the quality of the service.
these files allow us to aggregate anonymous information relating to advertising and website usage.
for example  the type of information collected includes information relating to page views.
these web beacons may be used to recognize third party cookies and inform us and or third parties of which advertisement or link brought you to the site  allowing us to monitor the efficacy of our business relationships with third parties.
we also work with a third party to monitor certain pages of our site for the purpose of reporting site traffic and other advertising statistics.
where authorized by us  this third party may use cookies and or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our site visitors.
no personal information is transferred to this third party.
how we use the information internal and service-related usage.
we use data you input into or that is collected by the service to perform the services requested in connection with those services.
for example  if you input inventory data into one of the web-based offerings  we will use that information to display that inventory data to you when you use such web-based offering.
we use your payment information to collect payment for the applicable services.
we may store and combine the personal information you submit or we collect via any part of the service with information from other spiceworks services or third parties (including sns) in order to deliver the service  to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services.
we may use anonymized aggregate personal or environment information to provide the services you've requested  including services that display customized content and advertising  and compare your environment configuration to those of the broader user community.
such information does not identify you or your company individually.
we may use browser usage information  which does not identify individual users or companies  to analyze trends  to administer the service  to track users' movements around the site  to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole  and to operate and improve the spiceworks technologies and services.
we may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
advertising.
third party service providers that we use to serve ads on our behalf may also use information about your visits to our site and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services.
this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag  which is industry standard technology used by most major websites.
no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process.
they do not know the name  phone number  address  email address or any personally identifying information about the user.
marketing.
we may share anonymous aggregated information with third parties outside of spiceworks  such as advertisers and market research firms approved by spiceworks  for their marketing and promotional purposes.
for example  we share with advertisers the breakdown of our user community by company size and industry.
when we share such information it does not identify you or your company individually.
Registration for our website: Our Site may at times require a free registration, which enables full access to the information and resources offered on our Site.
A unique email address must be supplied to register.
On certain pages, we offer visitors the opportunity to provide comments or other user-generated content on blogs and articles.
Any information that you disclose when posting a message to these areas, along with the screen name or ID used, becomes public.
In addition, the information that you disclose in these areas may be used by us for promotional and marketing purposes.
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose in these public areas.
PBS uses cookies at the following times:  A cookie may automatically localize pbs.org to the PBS station nearest you.
You can choose to have your computer remember a different station or no station at all at any time.
If you watch a video clip or listen to an audio clip on pbs.org, a cookie may remember which media player and type of clip you prefer to use on your computer.
You can change your video and audio preferences at any time, or choose a player each time you view of listen to a clip.
A cookie will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time between each page visit.
The cookie does not remember any information about you or your computer.
it just helps us at PBS monitor Site usage and traffic.
for example, it allows us to measure the number of repeat visitors to pbs.org in a given month.
This data is only used in the aggregate.
When you visit Byliner.com,
we may send one or more cookies  a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters  to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Byliner help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.
A cookie does not collect personal information about you.
Byliner uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser.
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browsers directions.
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information.
(c) target and re-target advertising on the Byliner service as well as third party services.
(d) monitor the effectiveness of our service.
(e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic.
(f) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP. and (g) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Byliner services.
You may browse the Site without registering for an account.
You will be required to register for an account to use certain features of the Site, such as purchasing a ticket.
Your account username may not include the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person, or be offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Your account username and password are personal to you.
You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and for all activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your account.
You may not transfer or sell access to your account.
We will not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or password or the use by anyone else of your username or password.
You may not use another user's account without that user's permission.
You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized use of your account or other account-related security breach.
We may require you to change your username and/or password if we believe your account is no longer secure or if we receive a complaint that your username violates someone else's rights.
You will have no ownership in your account or your username.
We may refuse registration, cancel an account or deny access to the Site for any reason.
Code of Conduct You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and that you will not:  Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site; Use the Site for any unlawful purpose; Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent; Impersonate any person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including any employee or representative of our company; Submit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party's intellectual property or other rights.
(b) any non-public information about companies without authorization.
or (c) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, investment opportunities or other unsolicited commercial communication; Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, insulting, threatening, harassing, hateful or otherwise objectionable, includes the image or likeness of individuals under 18 years of age, encourages or otherwise depicts or glamorizes drug use (including alcohol and cigarettes), characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous or desirable, or contains any personal contact information or other personal information identifying any third party; Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability; Engage in spamming or flooding; Harvest or collect information about Site users; Order a number of tickets for an event that exceeds the stated limit for that event.
Use any password or code to participate in a presale or other offer on the Site if you did not receive the password or code from us or if you violate the terms of the presale or offer.
or Use any area of the Site for commercial purposes, such as to conduct sales of tickets, products or services.
Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License Please review our Purchase Policy, which will govern your purchase of any tickets or other products through the Site, including any refunds or exchanges.
We may impose conditions on your use of any coupon, promotional code or gift card.
You will pay all charges incurred by you or any users of your account and credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred, including any applicable taxes.
You may only use credit or debit cards, gift cards or vouchers that belong to you or to people who expressly authorize you to use such payment methods.
You may use tm ticket cash only in accordance with the Code Terms of Use found at Ticketmaster.com/ticketcash.
You may not attempt to conceal your identity by using multiple Internet Protocol addresses or email addresses to conduct transactions on the Site.
You will not hold us liable if you do not comply with laws related to your transactions.
We may provide law enforcement with information you provide to us related to your transactions to assist in any investigation or prosecution of you.
If we are unable to verify or authenticate any information or tickets you provide during any registration, ordering, purchase, ticket posting, sale, authentication, delivery, payment or remittance process, or any other process, or if we are no longer able to verify or authorize your credit card or bank account information, your tickets may be cancelled, we may refuse to honor all pending and future ticket purchases made with those credit card or bank accounts and/or via any online accounts associated with those credit card or bank accounts.
We may also prohibit you from using the Site.
Forums and User Content we use cookies to anonymously track traffic through our site.
your web browser also provides information such as your ip address  browser version and language.
all of this is anonymous.
we may also disclose non identifiable information      for the same reasons we might share personal information    with business partners for their own analysis and research    to facilitate targeted content and ads  or    with third party ad servers to place our ads and or ads of our merchants or business partners on the site and on third party sites  and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads we do not share personal information with third party ad servers  however  third party ad servers may automatically collect non identifying information about your visit to the site and other websites  your device address  your internet service provider and the browser you use to visit the site  they do this by using cookies  clear gifs and other technologies  information collected may be used  among other things  to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the site and the other websites tracked by these third parties  this privacy statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by third party ad servers  and groupon is not responsible for cookies or clear gifs in third party ads  we encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technologies  if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers  please visit http www networkadvertising org Other information.
If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you're using.
We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
If you use our mobile app, we may collect your GPS location or your device's unique identifier.
We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using, or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running.
We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information from you passively.
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons.
To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here.
We use information for marketing purposes.
For example, we might send you information about special promotions or offers.
We might also tell you about new features or products.
These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting.
Or, for example, if you buy tickets from us we'll enroll you in our newsletter.
We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events.
To learn about your choices for these communications, read the choices section below.
you agree not to use any device  software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the service or any transaction being conducted on the service  or with any other person's use of the service.
you may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to spiceworks on or through the service or any service offered on or through the service.
you may not pretend that you are  or that you represent  someone else  or impersonate any other individual or entity.
you may not use the service or any content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use  or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of spiceworks or others.
if you chose to complete a spiceworks user profile  a project page or a profile page  you agree to accurately represent yourself  your background and experience  your work history and company affiliation  your certifications and areas of expertise  and any other personal or company information you chose to share.
you also agree not to impersonate any person  company or entity  or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself  your age or your affiliation with any person  company or entity.
intellectual property ownership We operate cameras in our Retail Stores for security and operational purposes.
Except for security and loss-prevention purposes, we do not use these cameras to identify you personally.
We or our partners may also use Flash cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) or other similar technologies.
A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer.
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience, facilitate processes, and personalize and store your settings.
Flash cookies may help our website visitors to, for example, set volume preference associated with a video experience, play games and perform surveys.
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers.
They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners.
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies.
Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies.
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies, please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
You may be required to register for an account on the Site in order to take advantage of certain features of the Site, such as purchasing Products or using our chat rooms, message boards and blogs.
If you choose to register on the Site or if you otherwise provide information on the Site, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site, and (b) as permitted, maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
If you provide any information to SB that is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, or SB has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, SB has the right to suspend or terminate your account and prohibit any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof) by you.
Any registration or other information you provide to SB is subject to our Privacy Policy.
For more information, see our fullPrivacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into the Terms by this reference.
Member Account and Password


