Welcome to Kinja! By using Kinja (including by simply viewing content on Kinja.com (the Site), you are agreeing that you, and each person you allow to access Kinja through your account, will abide by the terms of the following User Agreement, which is summarized here, and set forth in its entirety below.
This User Agreement is between you and Kinja (We or the Company), and it governs your access to and use of the services, websites, and applications offered by Kinja (the "Service").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with this agreement.
Summary
The following agreement (Terms) describes the terms on which we offer you access to the Services, defined below.
Capitalized terms used in these Terms shall have the meanings set forth below under Definitions or in the text of these Terms.
Our offer to allow you to access the Service is conditioned on your agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms, including your compliance with the policies and terms linked to (via URLs or hyperlinks) from this Agreement, such as our Privacy Policy and our Content Guidelines.
If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms in their entirety, you must cease accessing or otherwise using the Services in any way.
Your use of any of the services constitutes your agreement to these Terms.
Company or Kinja or We shall mean each of Kinja, Gawker Media, LLC, Blogwire KFT, and/or any of their affiliates, individually and collectively, doing business as Kinja or otherwise.
Company Parties shall mean the Company, its affiliates and subsidiaries, and any of their directors, employees, agents, attorneys, third-party content providers, distributors, licensees or licensors.
Service or Services shall mean any of the internet based or other services offered by the Company, including, but not limited to, those described in this Agreement, whether through a website owned or controlled by the Company, through a social networking system, a mobile application, on your cellphone or otherwise.
User Contributed Content or Content shall mean each and every item of content or other material (whether images, links, documents, text, writings, photographs, graphics, videos, or files) uploaded by a user through the Service or otherwise integrated into the Service by a user.
1.
Using Kinja, User Conduct, and Your Content
InfoSpace, LLC ("InfoSpace") owns and operates a number of different sites on the Web (each, an "InfoSpace Site").
InfoSpace is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its user community.
The intent of this privacy policy is to detail the information InfoSpace may gather about individuals who visit the InfoSpace Sites, how that information is used, and InfoSpace's disclosure practices.
Please note that this policy applies only to the InfoSpace Sites, and not to the Web sites of other companies or organizations to which we provide links or to any software that may be downloaded from the InfoSpace Sites. Anonymous User Information
Priceline.com&amp;reg  is owned and operated by priceline.com LLC (together with its subsidiaries, "priceline.com").
The following describes the privacy policy (as amended or otherwise changed from time to time, the "Privacy Policy") applicable to the services available through the priceline.com web site, our mobile applications and other interfaces (the "Site") from priceline.com.
By visiting the Site, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your personal data described in this Privacy Policy.
We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") about you that you provide to us while using the Site.
Personal Data includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, address, phone number, credit card number or e-mail address.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information, which may be linked to your Personal Data, including your log-in name, IP address, search preferences related to specific searches, and bids through your interactions with our site.
Third parties also may collect non-personally identifiable information on our Site as described below.
Such third parties may be located outside of the European Economic Area in countries which may not provide for the same level of protection as the laws in your home jurisdiction.
say media  inc.
( say media   we  or  us ) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.  this privacy policy explains how say media collects and uses information at its website located at www.saymedia.com and at other websites and mobile services provided by say media (collectively the  network websites ).  this privacy policy also explains how say media collects and uses information received in connection with advertisements placed by say media on the network websites and on third party affiliate websites  as part of the say media ad platform online program (the  program ) (the network websites  say media advertisement placements  and program are collectively referred to as the  say media services ).  this privacy policy also explains how you can control the collection  correction and or deletion of certain types of information that we collect.  we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.  this privacy policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.  further  this privacy policy does not apply to any websites  webpages  blogs  applications  widgets or other services operated by any third party  including our affiliates  advertisers  providers and partners.
when you visit the say media services  say media or third parties such as advertisers  third-party advertising networks  third-party advertising serving companies  and say media business partners  vendors and service providers may collect non-personally identifiable information.  for purposes of this privacy policy   non-personally identifiable information  is data that is not personally identifiable.
say media and these third parties may implement certain technologies to enable the collection of such information.  an explanation of these technologies is below.
location data 
 
    when you access the say media services by or through a mobile device  we may access  collect  monitor and or remotely store  location data  which may include gps coordinates ( e.g.   latitude and or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.  location data may convey information to us about how you browse the say media services.  location data does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.  however  location data may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.  some features of the say media services  particularly location-based services  may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
log file information    log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.  when you use the say media services  our servers automatically record certain log file information.  these server logs may include information such as your web request  internet protocol ( ip ) address  browser type  referring   exit pages and urls  number of clicks  domain names  landing pages  pages viewed  data about how you interact with links on the say media services  and other such information.  we may display your ip address to the owners or maintainers of certain blogs  groups or communities if you post to those blogs  groups or communities and the owner or maintainer has enabled functionality for this purpose.
from time to time  we may run contests  special offers  or other events or activities ( events ) on the say media services  together with a third-party partner.  if you provide information to such third parties  you give them permission to use it for the purpose of that event and any other use that you approve.  we cannot control third parties  use of your information.  if you do not want your information to be collected by or shared in this way  you can choose not to participate in these events.
welcome  this privacy policy governs the websites  online services  and software made available by the nickelodeon group for use on mobile devices  tablets  personal computers and other devices  which includes the websites and online services listed here collectively  the  nickelodeon sites  and  individually   site 
the nickelodeon group is a business unit of viacom media networks  a division of viacom international  inc 
by accessing any of the nickelodeon sites  you are consenting to this privacy policy 
this privacy policy describes what information the nickelodeon sites collect from users  including children  when they visit the nickelodeon sites 
how such information is used and stored 
when such information may be disclosed to third parties 
how users  parents  and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information 
and how information is protected
this privacy statement   privacy statement   explains how groupon  inc 
  groupon     us     our   and   we   uses your information and applies to all who use our web site  mobile applications  electronic services  social networking sites  or any individual  business partner specific  merchant specific  city specific  or other area specific web sites we offer that link to or reference this privacy statement  collectively  the   site   and when you receive electronic communications from us
affiliate  means a company owned and or controlled by groupon  inc
business partners  means  collectively  third parties with whom we conduct business  such as merchants  co marketers  distributors  and resellers
cookie  means a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account  your preferences  and your use of the site 
some cookies are temporary  whereas others may be configured to last longer 
  session cookies   are temporary cookies used for various reasons  such as to manage page views 
your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser 
  persistent cookies   are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser
device data  means information concerning a device you use to access  use  or interact with the site  such as operating system type or mobile device model  browser type  domain  and other system settings  the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device  geo location  unique device identifier or other device identifier  mobile phone carrier identification  and device software platform and firmware information
non identifying information  means information that alone cannot identify you  including data from cookies  pixel tags and web beacons  and device data 
non identifying information may be derived from personal information
online communities  means  collectively  our social networking pages or accounts  forums  bulletin boards  discussion groups  chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or linked through the site
other sources  means sources of information that legally provide groupon with your information  and which are outside the scope of this privacy statement at the time of collection
personal information  means information about you that specifically identifies you or  when combined with other information we have  can be used to identify you 
this includes the following types of information
pixel tags and web beacons  means tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions
third party ad servers  means vendors and other third parties that provide the technology to place ads on websites and track ad performance
vendors  means  collectively  third parties that perform business operations on behalf of groupon  such as transaction processing  billing  mailing  communications services  e mail  direct mail  etc  marketing  data processing and analytics  servicing  collections  or ad management
thank you for using the spiceworks service  this page contains the terms and conditions of use (the  terms of use ) and a reference to spiceworks  privacy policy (the terms of use and privacy policy  together are referred to as the  agreement ) governing your use of (a) the spiceworks website located at www.spiceworks.com and community.spiceworks.com  and any subdomain of thereof (collectively  the  site )  (b) any off-line software components made available to you by or on behalf of spiceworks on or through the site (collectively  the  desktop )  (c) any web-based services made available to you by or on behalf of spiceworks via the site (each  a  web-based offering )  and (d) all data  text  graphics  sound or video clips  flash animations  user interfaces  visual interfaces  trademarks  logos  and computer code  whether on the site  in the desktop or in a web-based offering (collectively  the  content )  including but not limited to the design  structure  selection  coordination   look and feel  and arrangement of such content.
the site  the desktop  web-based offerings and the content (collectively or any part thereof  the  service ) are the property of spiceworks  inc.
( spiceworks ) and our licensors  and are protected by applicable intellectual property rights.
except as otherwise set forth herein  the service is made available to you for  a) your personal use.
b) your internal business use.
or c) if you are a managed service provider ( msp )  or value added reseller ( var )  use in the commercial support of your customers  in compliance with all applicable laws  rules and regulations.
if you want to make any other commercial use of the service  including but not limited to selling  distributing or providing access to the service for payment  you must enter into a written agreement with spiceworks or obtain spiceworks' written permission in advance.
you are solely responsible for the photos  profiles  messages  notes  text  information  music  video  plugins  source code  computer software  and other content that you upload  publish  submit  share or display (hereinafter   post ) on or through the service  or transmit to or share with other members (collectively the  user content ).
you understand and agree that spiceworks may  but is not obligated to  review and delete or remove (without notice) any user content in its sole discretion  including without limitation user content that in spiceworks' sole judgment violates this agreement or which might be offensive  illegal  or that might violate the rights  harm  or threaten the safety of members  users or others.
if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof  and you believe any content submitted to and hosted on the service infringes your copyrights  then you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act ( dmca ).
more details regarding such notification may be found here.
in addition  click here to find more information about how to file a counter notification if you believe your posting was removed in error.  desktop terms
this service may contain certain third-party content  products or services and links to independent third-party websites ( third-party materials ).
these third-party materials are provided solely as a convenience to users of the service.
such third-party materials are not under spiceworks' control  and spiceworks is not responsible for and does not endorse such third-party materials  including any information or materials contained on such third-party materials.
you will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these third-party materials.
spiceworks' privacy policy is applicable only when you are using the service.
once you choose to link to another website or use a third-party s products or services  you should read that third-party s terms of service and privacy statement before using the products or services or disclosing any personal information.
With respect to online transactions, this Privacy Policy applies to transactions conducted within the United States on united.com and any other website within the United ("United") family.
However, this policy does not apply to United Cargo transactions, including, but not limited to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com.
For the privacy policies of websites outside of the United family, like United Vacations, Orbitz, Travelocity, or Expedia, please see their websites for the policies that apply. What information do we collect?
In order to book your reservation with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of the United family), or a customer service representative (collectively, "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as credit card numbers, passport numbers, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers.
Telephone calls to Reservations Agents may be monitored and/or recorded and by continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording. United ClubSM
Welcome! The following are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of the Ticketmaster sites and applications where this appears (collectively, the "Site").
Our Privacy Policy, Purchase Policy, and any other policies, rules or guidelines that may be applicable to particular offers or features on the Site are also incorporated into these Terms.
By visiting or using the Site, you expressly agree to these Terms, as updated from time to time.
The Site and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images, artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source code, or software that resides or is viewable or otherwise discoverable on the Site (collectively, the "Content") is owned by us or our licensors.
We own a copyright in the Site and Content.
We may change the Content and features of the Site at any time.
We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds and other forums found on the Site (collectively, "Forums"), and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video recordings, photographs, artwork or other materials to the Forums or other areas of the Site ("User Content").
In addition to these Terms, sweepstakes, contests, games or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site may have specific rules that are different from these Terms.
By participating in a Promotion, you will become subject to those rules.
We urge you to review the rules before you participate in a Promotion.
Promotion rules will control over any conflict with these Terms. Mobile Messaging
If you install or use our mobile application, software and services, including any accompanying documentation (collectively, "App"), we grant you a limited right to install and use the App on a single authorized device located in the United States and its territories or in another country where we may offer the App.
You may use the App for your personal, non-commercial and entertainment purposes only.
You agree to also comply with Apple's App Store Terms of Service, which you can find at http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#SERVICE.
We do not grant you any rights to any related documentation, support, upgrades, maintenance or other enhancements to the App.
We will not provide you with any device, internet access or wireless connection to use the App.
We are not responsible for any interaction between you and another App user, or information you transmit through the App (including your location).
 Violation of these Terms
some of the network information gci obtains in the course of providing telecommunications service to you is known as  customer proprietary network information  (cpni).  examples include who  when  and where you call  how much you spend on telecommunications services  which service plans to which you subscribe and billing information.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, Toys"R"Us includes Toys"R"Us, Inc., Toys"R"Us-Delaware, Inc.
and their retail stores and websites in the United States.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Sprint Corporation ("Sprint") will collect, access, use or disclose your personal information.
It applies to all of our products, services, and web sites ("Services").
A few of our Services are covered by different privacy policies and in the event of a conflict between the two, the product or service specific policy governs.
For example, we may have a separate policy or agreement for certain products, services or brands.
Our collection, access, use, disclosure and safeguarding of your personal information is subject to U.S.
law.
Group Account Holders.
We offer group accounts to business and government customers, family customers and other group account holders ("Group Accounts").
The account holder for Group Accounts is the entity or person that buys the service or product for its employees, family members or other authorized users.
You (as the user of a device) may receive service, certain pricing, terms or other benefits through a Group Account with us.
If so, we may share with that Group Account holder customer registration and other information related to your use of our services.
content  means all information  data  code  text  software  music 
sound  photographs  graphics  video  messages or other materials you
provide to google or google provided to you through the service.
  appropriate conduct.
when posting content to the google code website
(http code.google.com) or when
sharing content obtained from this website with others  you agree that
you are solely responsible for complying with u.s.
export control
regulations  including the export administration regulations ( ear ) 
and all other applicable export and import laws and regulations.
these
regulations require that all postings of open source encryption code
be simultaneously reported by email to the u.s.
government.
you are
responsible for submitting this email report to the u.s.
government in
accordance with procedures described in 
http www.bis.doc.gov encryption pubavailencsourcecodenofify.html
and section 740.13(e) of the ear.
users residing in countries on the
united states office of foreign assets control sanction list 
including cuba  iran  north korea  sudan and syria  may not post or
access content available through the google code website.
if you are a california resident and you provided your email address to pj media  llc ( pjm   us  or  we )  then  once each calendar year  you may submit a written request for information about the information we shared  if any  with other companies for their use in direct marketing.
to submit your written request  please send an e-mail to webmaster pjmedia.com with  request for california privacy  in the subject line.
pj media  llc.  dba pjmedia  pjtv and next generation ( pjm )  is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using www.pjmedia.com  www.pjtv.com and nextgeneration.tv(the  site  or  sites ).
the term site includes any additional websites we may subsequently implement.
this privacy policy describes how we treat personal information received about you when you visit or become a member of any of our sites.
personally identifiable information (pii)  is any information collected through the sites that identifies or can be used to identify  contact  or locate you.
 pii would include your full name  address  and credit-card number.  pii may include your email address if you have chosen not to use an anonymous email address (e.g.  some people have their full name in their email address  or have a personal website url in their email address).
your email address is your  user name  on our websites.
it is not visible to other users.
in some states even an anonymous email address is considered pii.  pii may include your screen name  if you have chosen not to use an anonymous screen name.
your screen name is visible to other users when you post comments.
although pii is collected through our sites  your billing information (full name  address and associated credit card number) are not stored on our servers.  we use the services of paypal to process credit card payments.  please refer to paypal s privacy statement which can be found here for information about the storage of your name  address and credit card information.
we employ cookie technology.
read our cookie disclosure statement for more information about our use of cookies.
we use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) on our sites in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns.
we also include web beacons in our e-mail messages including newsletters in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened.
when you view any third party content such as a survey or supplemental references on our sites or on other sites  our third party service provider may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
the sites and our providers may also use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) to note which services pages you visit after viewing our ads.
the information that is collected through the use of these images is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.
what s a cookie  
 
a cookie is a small file that is sent to your computer by a site s server.
a cookie can be a record of your visit to a site  including information such as your user name  registration information  time of last visit  pages viewed  etc.
a cookie created by one site s servers can be retrieved only by that site s servers.
thus  information in the pjm cookies is not accessible to other sites.
this type of cookie is called a  first party  cookie.
we use p3p to allow the use of third party cookies within the family of pjm sites.
p3p (platform for privacy preferences project) is a protocol that allows websites to declare their intended use of information they collect about web browser users.
when this is done some of the default restrictions against third party cookies are relaxed.
we do this to allow all of our sites to use a single database of user information   so that once you register with one of our sites  you will be able to sign in to any of our sites.
instapaper holdings  inc.
( company ) has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (pdf).
the address of the designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement ( designated agent ) is listed at the end of this policy.
procedure for reporting copyright infringement
at spiceworks  our most important asset is our relationship with our user community.
we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality  integrity and security of information about our users and their organizations.
we are proud of our privacy practices and want you to know how we protect your information submitted or collected through your use of (a) the spiceworks website located at www.spiceworks.com and community.spiceworks.com  and any subdomain of thereof (collectively  the  site )  (b) any off-line software components made available to you by or on behalf of spiceworks on or through the site that have links to this privacy policy (collectively  the  software )  and (c) any web-based services made available to you by or on behalf of spiceworks via the site that have links to this privacy policy (each  a  web-based offering  and (a)  (b) and (c)  collectively or any part thereof  the  service ).
this spiceworks privacy policy describes how we treat personal information you provide or we collect when you use the service.
 personal information  means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify  contact  or locate you  such as  name  address  email address  or phone number.
we do not consider  personal information  to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
this privacy policy is incorporated by reference into the spiceworks terms of use or other legal document applicable to your relationship with spiceworks.
the term  spiceworks  includes spiceworks  inc.
and our affiliates and subsidiaries.  truste licensee
social networking site information.  for your convenience  we may allow you to register to join spiceworks by using log in credentials from third-party social networking sites ( sns ) such as facebook and linkedin.
if you register via an sns  the sns may provide us with some of the personal information you have provided to the sns.
small pieces of code called web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs  pixel tags and single-pixel gifs)  which are typically one-pixel images embedded in web pages or emails  are used in conjunction with cookies on the service and our emails to help us manage and monitor our online advertising and wider business arrangements with third parties and for the purpose of measuring and analyzing site usage and activity  and improving the quality of the service.
these files allow us to aggregate anonymous information relating to advertising and website usage.
for example  the type of information collected includes information relating to page views.
these web beacons may be used to recognize third party cookies and inform us and or third parties of which advertisement or link brought you to the site  allowing us to monitor the efficacy of our business relationships with third parties.
we are pleased to announce that ultimate internet access (uia) has purchased the assets of linkline communications from chapter 7 bankruptcy.
uia is a full service internet provider and has been in business for over 18 years serving the inland empire and greater southern california areas.
for more information on our services  please click here.
The following rules govern the use by you of PBS ONLINE.
The rules set forth herein apply to all materials, online communications and other information that is or becomes available on PBS ONLINE (collectively, "Information").
BY SIGNING ON AND USING PBS ONLINE, YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE RULES AND ANY MODIFICATIONS THERETO.
2.
User's Obligation to Abide By Applicable Law.In connection with the use of PBS ONLINE, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws, including those pertaining to such areas as libel, slander, defamation, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, tort, obscenity, indecency, and copyright or trademark infringement ("Applicable Law").
The Information available on PBS ONLINE may include intellectual property that is protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries ("Intellectual Property Laws").
Such Intellectual Property Laws generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or exhibition of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound samplings and other protected materials.
The violation of applicable Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties.
4.
Prohibition Against Rogue Programming.You shall not post, transmit or make available in any way through PBS ONLINE any software or other materials which contain a computer virus, trojan horse, timebomb, worm or other rogue programming ("Rogue Programming").
PBS has no obligation to detect the presence of any Rogue Programming.
Any downloading of software or other materials or any other use of the Information on PBS ONLINE is at your risk, and you are advised to take adequate precautions to minimize any loss to your system caused by Rogue Programming, including use of anti-virus programs and proper backup of files.
6.
Podcasts.The MP3 audio files and XML files that together comprise a PBS-hosted podcast (herein referred to as the "podcast") are protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
All rights to podcast(s) originating from the producer, including the content and technology included therein, are reserved to the producer.
PBS-hosted podcast(s) are available for personal, noncommercial use only.
You may link to PBS podcast(s) from your personal Web site and audio files may be downloaded and played on any system for personal, noncommercial purposes, provided that, unless permission to do so is expressly stated:
(a) you do not modify or delete any of the podcast content nor individual audio files;(b) you do not redistribute the MP3 audio files made available as part of the podcast nor any audio file downloaded from PBS.org;(c) the use or display does not suggest that PBS, local PBS member stations nor the producer of the podcast(s) promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, Web sites, products or services;(d) audio files made available for download are not to be re-produced, edited, re-transmitted, or in any way repurposed without prior consent from the producer and PBS.
For permission requests, please complete ourfeedback formand select Submit a Copyright or Permissions Request from the drop-down menu.
Producers and PBS reserve the right to discontinue providing podcast(s) and to require that you cease accessing or using the podcast(s) or any elements of the podcast at any time for any reason.
The podcast producer and/or PBS may modify any of the terms and conditions contained herein, at any time and at our sole discretion, and such terms and conditions will become binding when placed online.
Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort, contract, strict liability, or otherwise, shall the podcast producer, PBS, nor any local PBS station be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, accuracy of services, content or results, computer failure or malfunction, damages resulting from disabling of the services provided as part of the podcast(s).
This Policy applies to BestBuy.com, Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name.
This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop (FutureShop.ca), Best Buy Canada (BestBuyCanada.ca), Magnolia Audio Video (Magnoliaav.com), Geek Squad (GeekSquad.com), Pacific Sales (PacificSales.com), or Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co.
(Five-Star.cn), among others, each of which may have their own privacy policies.
We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices. Information We Collect
Best Buy Co., Inc.
is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ("Best Buy"), and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy, this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co., Inc.
entities, including affiliates and subsidiaries and will be governed by each of their privacy policies, as applicable.
The Site provides a variety of information, forums, resources and products related to science.
The Site, any software used to operate the Site, and the content, services, features, subscriptions, products, merchandise and information that SB offers to users on the Site may be referred to herein collectively as the service.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the Service in the future shall be considered part of the Service and subject to the Terms.
Purchasing Products
If you would like to purchase any merchandise or products offered on the Site (collectively, Products), your purchase will be subject to the terms and conditions of our Purchase Policy.
Please review our Purchase Policy before making any such purchase.
By submitting payment information in connection with any such purchase, you agree to be bound by the terms of our Purchase Policy.
Our Purchase Policy is hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms.
Information You Provide
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and logos (collectively, Marks) contained or described on the Site (including, without limitation, the ScienceBlogs name and logo, the phylotaxis logo, the Seed logo and logotype, and any Marks associated with any Products) are the sole property of SB, Seed Media Group, and/or suppliers or licensors of SB and may not be copied, imitated or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of SB, Seed Media Group, and/or its suppliers or licensors.
In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are Marks of SB and may not be copied, imitated or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of SB.
SB will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Submissions
Byliner Inc.
(Byliner, we, or us) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Byliner when you use Byliner.com or our mobile applications (such as our iPhone app) and related services (together, the Service), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Website is operated by Argos Limited ("Argos/we/our/us") a company incorporated in England (Company Number 01081551) with registered office at 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 2NW.
Argos is a member of the Home Retail Group ("the Group").
The Group ("we", "us") includes Argos Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance Services Limited, Home Retail Group Personal Finance Limited, ARG Personal Loans Limited, Homebase Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Habitat Retail Limited and their associated companies.
A full list of companies is available upon request (See 'Contact Us' below).
As user of the website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website (including any transactions you make) is subject to this Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions.
