when posting content to the google code website (http code.google.com)
or when sharing content obtained from this website with others  you agree that you are solely responsible for complying with u.s.
export control regulations  including the export administration regulations ( ear )  and all other applicable export and import laws and regulations.
these regulations require that all postings of open source encryption code be simultaneously reported by email to the u.s.
government.
you are responsible for submitting this email report to the u.s.
government in accordance with procedures described in  http www.bis.doc.gov
encryption pubavailencsourcecodenofify.html and section 740.13(e) of the ear.
users residing in countries on the united states office of foreign assets control sanction list  including cuba  iran  north korea  sudan and syria  may not post or access content available through the google code website.
f  electronic postcards and messages   some nickelodeon sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and  wish lists  of items they want to family or friends  which means we will send  on the visitor s behalf  email messages to family and or friends  to do so  visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages  visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages  email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent  in some cases  we may offer visitors an incentive   e g    points to be used in an online game  for referring information about products to the visitor s family or friends in such cases  we will comply with all applicable legal requirements  please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries you acknowledge  consent  and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access  preserve  and or disclose the information we collect and or content you provide to us  including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems  to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access  preservation  or disclosure is reasonably necessary to   a  comply with legal process   b  enforce the terms of use of the respective nickelodeon sites   c  respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties   d  respond to your requests for customer service  or  e  protect the rights  property  or personal safety of the owners of the nickelodeon sites  any user of the nickelodeon sites  a third party or the general public  we also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability  to protect or defend our rights or property  or protect the safety  rights  or property of others the nickelodeon sites are designed for and targeted to u s  audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the u s  while users from countries other than the u s  may access certain of the nickelodeon sites  we make no representation that the nickelodeon sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of  or governed by  other nations  by participating in activities on the nickelodeon sites  you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the nickelodeon sites as set forth in the respective terms of use agreement for each site  if you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular site you are visiting  please discontinue using that site immediately as your continued use of the nickelodeon sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection  use  disclosure  management and storage of your information as described in this privacy policy please be aware that by providing us with personal information  you understand and agree that   1  due to our international operations  your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction   2  to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the united states  you consent to the transfer of such data to the united states for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this privacy policy and  3  the privacy policy and the collection of information pursuant to the privacy policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the united states  without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law  our affiliates comply with the u s eu safe harbor  please see the safe harbor privacy policy for detailed information on these affiliates  privacy practices california civil code section 1798 83 permits our visitors who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes  to make such a request  please send an email to or write us  nickprivacy nickonline com email  or you may contact us via regular mail at If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States.
This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country.
spiceworks processes personal information on servers in the united states of america and in other countries.
in some cases  we may process personal information on a server outside your own country.
if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use  please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the united states and processing globally.
by providing your information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this privacy policy.
third-party sites Applicable Law.
You agree that the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Kinja, except as otherwise stated in these Terms.
Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes.
Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Binding Arbitration provision above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt-out of the Terms or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Kinja must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in New York City, New York.
You and Kinja agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New York City, New York for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
13.
Statute of Limitations.
The Terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York within the United States of America without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
SB controls and operates the Site from its offices located in the State of New York in the United States of America.
SB makes no representation that Materials contained on the Site or Products described or offered on the Site are appropriate or available for use in jurisdictions outside the United States, or that the Terms comply with the laws of any other country.
Visitors who use the Service and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
If any provision of the Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Contacting Us twitter   subscribe   give a gift   customer service  advertisement  at home with town amp country more than 150 covers   dating back to 1860.
home   faq   privacy policy   your california privacy rights   terms of use   community guidelines   press   site map   advertise online   about our ads   advertise in print subscribe   give a gift   customer service   contact us  hearst women's sites  cosmopolitan   country living   delish   good housekeeping   harper's bazaar   house beautiful   marie claire   quick  amp.
simple   redbook   town  amp.
country   town  amp.
country travel   veranda   2014 hearst communications  inc.
all rights reserved.
being green  why did i get this ad WE PROVIDE THE SITE AND THE CONTENT TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE".
WE TRY TO KEEP THE SITE UP, BUG-FREE AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE 1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.
Limitation of Liability To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to: Live Nation Entertainment, Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, Attn: Legal.
You may download the forms located at http://www.jamsadr.com/files/Uploads/Documents/JAMS_Arbitration_Demand.doc.
The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS under its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures or, if applicable, its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, and any applicable supplemental rules including its Consumer Arbitration Standards of Minimum Fairness.
The JAMS Rules are available online at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-clauses
or by calling 1-800-352-5267.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by JAMS's rules.
We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, but in no event will we pay for attorneys' fees.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
protecting our users  privacy is very important to spiceworks.
as a condition of downloading and using the service  you agree to the terms of the spiceworks privacy policy  which may be updated from time to time  as expressed in the most recent version that exists at the time of your use. the most current version of the spiceworks privacy policy may be found at www.spiceworks.com
privacy .
information collected by spiceworks may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which spiceworks  inc.
or its agents maintain facilities.
by using the service you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
this agreement and any dispute that may arise related to this agreement are governed by texas law.
all claims arising out of or relating to this agreement must be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of travis county  texas and you consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there for the purposes of litigating all claims related to this agreement.
if for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of this agreement to be unenforceable  the remainder of the agreement will continue in full force and effect.
miscellaneous provisions pjm is hosted in the united states.
if you are a member or user accessing pjm from the european union  asia  or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection  use  and disclosure  that differ from united states laws  please be advised that through your continued use of pjm (which is governed by u.s.
law)  this privacy notice  and our terms of use  you are transferring your personal information to the united states and you consent to that transfer.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Sprint Corporation ("Sprint") will collect, access, use or disclose your personal information.
It applies to all of our products, services, and web sites ("Services").
A few of our Services are covered by different privacy policies and in the event of a conflict between the two, the product or service specific policy governs.
For example, we may have a separate policy or agreement for certain products, services or brands.
Our collection, access, use, disclosure and safeguarding of your personal information is subject to U.S. law.
groupon  inc  is headquartered in the united states of america  we recognize that the european community has established a data protection regime pursuant to directive 95 46 ec  the   directive    the directive applies to the european economic area    eea    switzerland has also established a data protection regime pursuant to the federal act on data protection    fadp    these regimes restrict companies in the eea and switzerland  collectively    eea ch    from transferring personal data about individuals in the eea ch to the united states  unless there is  adequate protection  for such personal data when it is received in the united states  to create such  adequate protection  and allow our affiliates  vendors and business partners to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by the directive and the fadp  we adhere to the safe harbor privacy principles published by us department of commerce    safe harbor principles    with respect to personal data about individuals in the eea ch that our subsidiaries and business partners in the eea ch send to us     eea ch data    more information on the safe harbor principles and groupon  inc s scope of participation is available at http export gov safeharbor  groupon s policy concerning the processing of eea ch data under its certification can be viewed at http www groupon com safe harbor if you live outside the united states  including in the eea ch  and you use the site or provide us with personal information directly via the site  your information will be handled in accordance with this privacy statement  by using the site or giving us your personal information  you are directly transferring your personal information and non identifiable information to us in the united states  the united states may not have the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction  however  you agree and consent to our collection  transfer  and processing of your personal information and non identifiable information in accordance with this privacy statement  you are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the site or provide us with personal information  regardless of where we transfer your information  we still protect your information in the manner described in this privacy statement if you reside in canada  you may have the right to be provided with access to personal information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to vendors outside canada  e mail us at privacy groupon com with questions this privacy policy is governed by the laws of the state of california and the united states of america.
13. changes to this privacy policy as a global company motorola has websites and users all over the world  the information you provide may be transmitted  used  processed and stored outside of the country where you submitted that information  including countries that may not have data privacy laws that provide protection equivalent to such laws in your home country  whenever motorola handles personal information  regardless of where this occurs  we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant terms of use  this privacy statement and all applicable laws and regulations 11.
In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area.
Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data.
Cookies


