Business Transfers.
Personal information about you may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets or transition of service to another provider.
In the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset.
We may change this Policy at any time.
When we change the Policy we will give notice by changing the date it was last updated or as required by law.
10.
Modifications.These rules may be modified by PBS from time to time and such modifications will be binding on you when placed online.
As indicated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations.
Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth Uniteds intended business practices.
However, by using this website, and/or by providing personal information to United online or offline, you consent to the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws.
Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify, or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use constitutes your consent to those changes.
A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on April 1, 2014.
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
You will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our applicable website(s) of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve.
If we make material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes. TRUSTe Privacy Seal
On occasion priceline.com may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our Personal Data collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.


Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Future Business Transfers: Our business is constantly changing.
As part of that process, priceline.com may sell or buy other companies, and Personal Data may be transferred as part of these transactions.
It is also possible that priceline.com, or substantially all of its assets, may be acquired by another company, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, and Personal Data may be transferred as part of such a transaction.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings.
Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions.
We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Use of your personal informationCrime preventionTelephone callsDisclosure of your informationCookiesSecurityProduct reviewsGeneralHow can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?How do I change any details stored on argos.co.uk?Contact usChanges to policy Use of your personal information
26.
We may amend and update this policy from time to time.
Any changes in the future will be posted on this page.
The date of the latest update to this privacy policy is set out at the top of this policy.
please read this privacy statement carefully and review it periodically for the latest information about our privacy practices 
 by using the site  you agree to the terms of this privacy statement 
if you do not agree with the practices described in this privacy statement  please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with the site
we will routinely update this privacy statement to clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices  such as when we add new services  functionality or features to the site 
if we make any material changes we will notify you by email  sent to the email address specified in your account  or by means of notice on the site prior to the change becoming effective 
you can determine when this privacy statement was last revised by referring to the date it was  last updated  above 
you can review the last version of this privacy statement here
In the event that Inflection is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction.
The obligations of this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to the new entity after the sale or transfer.
 Fraud and Abuse Prevention
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice posted to this website prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
 Contact Information
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino may occasionally change the features and content found on their sites.
Consequently, our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the sites.
We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices. We do not ask for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while using our mobile optimized websites.
By using this Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Use.
We may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we make material changes to our policy, we will post a prominent notice on the home page of the Web site so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you will be apprised of any changes.
By completing and submitting a registration and/or entry format at PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino sites.
We reserve the right, at our discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy.
You should check this page periodically for any changes and to insure you are familiar with our current practices.
This policy and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in August 2014.
In the event InfoSpace goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Choice/Opt-out
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement in places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use Individually Identifiable Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days. Special Notification with respect to Children's Privacy (Users under the age of 13)
when posting content to the google code website
(http code.google.com) or when
sharing content obtained from this website with others  you agree that
you are solely responsible for complying with u.s.
export control
regulations  including the export administration regulations ( ear ) 
and all other applicable export and import laws and regulations.
these
regulations require that all postings of open source encryption code
be simultaneously reported by email to the u.s.
government.
you are
responsible for submitting this email report to the u.s.
government in
accordance with procedures described in 
http www.bis.doc.gov encryption pubavailencsourcecodenofify.html
and section 740.13(e) of the ear.
users residing in countries on the
united states office of foreign assets control sanction list 
including cuba  iran  north korea  sudan and syria  may not post or
access content available through the google code website.
We may make changes to these Terms at any time.
Any changes we make will be effective immediately when we post a revised version of these Terms on the Site.
The "Last Updated" date above will tell you when these Terms were last revised.
By continuing to use this Site after that date, you agree to the changes.
In the event Kinja goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. 4.
Legal Disclaimer
Whenever Kinja changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 7.
Contact Information
merger  sale or other asset transfers.  if we are involved in a merger  acquisition  financing due diligence  reorganization  bankruptcy  receivership  sale of our assets  or transition of service to another provider  your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and or contract.  your choices
spiceworks may update this privacy policy from time to time.
we will post any adjustments to the privacy policy on this web page  and the revised version will be effective when it is posted.
when we change this privacy policy in a material way  a prominent notice will be posted on our site along with the updated this privacy policy prior to the changes becoming effective.
please check this url frequently to see the latest version of this this privacy policy.  feedback
this policy may change at any time  please check in before using the site.
In Connection with Business Transfers: In the event that a store, division or part or all of Toys"R"Us (or the assets of a Toys"R"Us entity) is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process of a potential transaction, customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets.
This Privacy Policy may be updated and revised from time to time, and we will post any changes to this policy.
You agree that the information that we gather now will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.
We may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy Policy, but you should check the Toys"R"Us Sites periodically to review any changes.
VII. ACCEPTANCE OF PBS.ORG PRIVACY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms and condition of this pbs.org Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, please do not use the Site. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of pbs.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall signify your acceptance of those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, pleasecontact us.
when we make any material change to this privacy policy  we will inform you by posting a notice on the home page of our sites that the policy has been updated and by changing the date on this page noting when the policy was last updated.
in the event that pjm is acquired by or merged with a third party entity  we reserve the right  in any of these circumstances  to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our members and users as part of such merger  acquisition  sale  or other change of control.
in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy  insolvency  reorganization  receivership  or assignment for the benefit of creditors  or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors  rights generally  we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated  transferred  or used.
This website (the Site) is owned and operated by ScienceBlogs, LLC (SB).
SB provides the Site and its services to you subject to the following Terms of Service (the Terms).
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the Terms.
SB may, in its sole discretion, modify the Terms without notice to you.
Therefore, please continue to review the Terms when using the Site.
The Last Modified date will indicate when the latest changes were made.
By continuing to access and use the Site after the Terms have been modified, you are agreeing to such modifications.
In addition, when using particular services or features or making purchases on the Site, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, features or purchases that may be posted from time to time.
All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms.
Description of Service
SB reserves the right, without notice and at its sole discretion, to suspend or terminate the Terms and/or your ability to access or use the Service, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Service for any reason, including your breach of the Terms or other conduct by you that SB considers inappropriate.
SB reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
Except as otherwise expressly stated in the Terms, you agree that neither SB nor any of its affiliated companies shall be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuation of the Service.
Governing Law
depending upon the circumstances  we may share collected information with  a  law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others 
 b  third parties we hire to handle certain activities 
 c  advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content  products or services 
 d  business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the nickelodeon sites 
 e  within the viacom family of companies 
 f  in the event of a corporate transaction 
and  g  otherwise with your consent
information collected through the nickelodeon sites may be transferred  disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities  such as message boards  sweepstakes and contests  e cards  payment processing  newsletters  and advisory boards  and to perform other technical and processing functions  such as sending postal mail and email  maintaining data integrity  programming operations  user services or technology services  we may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions  but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information  some of these agents  such as payment processors  may request additional information during the course of offering their services  before you provide additional information to third party agents  we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices
in the event that assets relating to one or more of the nickelodeon sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of  for example  a corporate sale  merger  consolidation  asset sale  or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy  information collected at the nickelodeon sites may be transferred to the acquiring company
We may amend these Terms at any time in our sole discretion, effective upon posting the amended Terms at this URL where the prior version of these Terms was posted or by communicating these changes through any written contact method we have established with you.
Your use of the Services following the date on which such amended Terms are published will constitute consent to such amendments.
However, if you cease using the Services upon such publication, your relationship with us will continue to be controlled by the previous version of these Terms.
You agree that you will periodically check this page for updates to these Terms, and read the messages we send you to inform you of any changes.
Whenever we change our Terms, we will post those changes to this Terms of Service page, and other places we deem appropriate so that our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
By continuing to use the service, you agree and accept the changes and agree to the Terms.
15.
Comments, Feedback, Suggestions, Ideas, And Other Submissions.
spiceworks reserves the right  at its sole discretion  to change  modify  add or remove portions of these terms of use and the privacy policy at any time.
the most current version of the terms of use may be found at www.spiceworks.com terms  (or such successor url as spiceworks may provide).
you should visit this page periodically to review the most current terms of use  because you are bound by them.
the most current version of the privacy policy may be found at www.spiceworks.com privacy (or such successor url as spiceworks may provide).
your continued use of the service indicates your acceptance and agreement to the changes.
as long as you comply with this agreement  spiceworks grants you a personal  non-exclusive  non-transferable  limited privilege to enter the site and use the service.
protecting our users  privacy is very important to spiceworks.
as a condition of downloading and using the service  you agree to the terms of the spiceworks privacy policy  which may be updated from time to time  as expressed in the most recent version that exists at the time of your use.
the most current version of the spiceworks privacy policy may be found at www.spiceworks.com privacy .
information collected by spiceworks may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which spiceworks  inc.
or its agents maintain facilities.
by using the service you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
we are pleased to announce that ultimate internet access (uia) has purchased the assets of linkline communications from chapter 7 bankruptcy.
uia is a full service internet provider and has been in business for over 18 years serving the inland empire and greater southern california areas.
for more information on our services  please click here.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
From time to time we may change our privacy practices.
We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law.
We will also post an updated copy on our website.
Please check our site periodically for updates.
motorola mobility llc  motorola  recognizes that privacy and security are important for our customers and website users 
this statement describes how motorola collects  uses and safeguards information you provide when using motorola com 
by using this website  you consent to the collection and use of your information by motorola as described in the policy currently in effect 
any changes to this statement will be posted on our websites  so please check back periodically to ensure that you have the most current statement
Changes to Privacy Statement


 We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time.
We will do so by posting additions or modifications to this page.
in the event that say media sells  transfers or otherwise relinquishes all or part of our assets  business offerings  or services  including any of the say media services  information that you have shared with say media or that say media has collected  including both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information  may be one of the business assets that will be transferred.  we may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures  mergers  or dissolution.  the transferred information will remain subject to the terms of this privacy policy or those of subsequent policies to which you have consented.  if say media is involved in a merger  acquisition  or sale of all or a portion of its assets  you will be notified via a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information  as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. 
 4.
content removal
say media may modify or update this privacy policy at its sole discretion from time to time  and so you should review this privacy policy periodically.  when we change the policy in a material way  we will notify you by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective.  changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.  your continued access to the say media services after the privacy policy has been modified and posted will signify your acceptance of such modifications.
