personal information.  this web site requests non-obligatory personal information from our members.
we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes  including selling.
you are under no obligation to give your real name during registration.
we may use information in the following ways  
 
 credit card information is used only to process  validate and verify memberships and subscriptions  
 for any purpose  if we announce the purpose in advance  
 to provide notifications about new or existing products and services  special offers from us and from third-party providers  through email  pop-ups or other technology  
 to provide advertisements to you through the sites  email messages  text messages  applications  or other methods of communication  
 to operate and enhance existing features or develop new features  products and services  
 to provide third party service providers (see description of third party service providers  below) with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns  
 to allow us to personalize the content that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.
we may also share our membership list with organizations which provide information  services or products from which we believe our members will benefit.
information on canceling any account or opting out of our email lists can be found in the  your rights  section below.
we may hire other companies to perform services on our behalf including  without limitation  facilitating some aspects of the sites  serving advertisements  sending e-mail  and fulfilling purchase requests.
these other companies may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.  please see the following provider privacy policies  
 
 
 publir privacy policy 
 
 
 google analytics privacy policy 
 
 
 paypal privacy policy 
 
 
 liveintent privacy policy 
 
 
 newsmax privacy policy
we may use third parties  called third party service providers  to provide premium features such as links to sources of additional information or to conduct surveys.
these third party service providers may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
they may also collect additional personally identifiable information directly on their websites.
they may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the sites and other websites in order to present custom information that may be of interest to you.
 if you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by some third party service providers  please visit here.
when you view any third party content such as a survey or supplemental references on our sites or on other sites  our third party service provider may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
the sites and our providers may also use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear gifs) to note which services pages you visit after viewing our ads.
the information that is collected through the use of these images is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.
there is another type of cookie called a  third party  cookie.
if you are using website a  and website a uses the services of website b  and if website b were to leave a cookie on your machine  that would be considered a  third party  cookie because you are not using website b directly.  some browsers  for example internet explorer  are configured to disallow third party cookies by default.
we use p3p to allow the use of third party cookies within the family of pjm sites.
p3p (platform for privacy preferences project) is a protocol that allows websites to declare their intended use of information they collect about web browser users.
when this is done some of the default restrictions against third party cookies are relaxed.
we do this to allow all of our sites to use a single database of user information   so that once you register with one of our sites  you will be able to sign in to any of our sites.
other cookies that you may receive during your sessions here are from actual third party service providers.
these third party service providers may use their own cookies in order to serve surveys or premium content on our sites.
third party cookie information for emails. 
 
we  or a data provider we have engaged  may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads  content or services.
no personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies.
the cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us  e.g.  your email address  in hashed  non-human readable form.
to opt-out of these cookies or learn more please go to http aboutads.info choices or http www.networkadvertising.org choices
we don t sell your personal information or share it with any third parties.
we do send advertisements from third party companies in our newsletter  but this comes from us.
we re an ad-supported business.
our advertising provider may also use cookies to track consumer information and provide ads that you might find useful.
By using one of our websites, some information may automatically be collected by our Web servers as you browse our site.
United and our third-party service providers also collect information by using technologies and methodologies that enable tracking, such as "cookies", Web beacons and ad tags.
If a medical or other emergency occurs while on board, boarding, or disembarking a United aircraft, United may share customer information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary.
Additionally, United may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases. Children
United uses personal information collected in conjunction with registration or purchases on our websites and offline purchases and transactions to complete transactions and fulfill requests for services.
We also use your personal information to provide you with a more effective customer experience.
In order to do this, United may process your information or combine it with other information that we have about you or that is publicly available.
In addition, United may share this information with third parties for the purpose of providing you with services, information or promotional opportunities that may be of interest to you from United and such third parties and for advertising products and services on third-party sites.
Aggregate information such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be shared with United partners or other third parties.
Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets.
X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.
Aggregate information does not include personally identifiable information. Information collected during transactions
We provide information collected from you to airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies or other contracted third parties to facilitate the successful fulfillment of your travel arrangements or for the specific purpose for which you provided the information.
As an added service, subject to your opting out as described below, your purchase behavior may also be analyzed to identify and present custom offers that may be of interest to you. MileagePlus
Information collected from MileagePlus members is used to enroll you in MileagePlus and ensure that you receive applicable mileage credit for travel purchases for participating flights and other MileagePlus participating vendor (partner) activities.
This information is also used to communicate with you on your MileagePlus account status and notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible.
On occasion, we may provide customer mailing list and email addresses to reputable, carefully screened MileagePlus partners or other companies whose services or products may be of interest to you.
(You may unsubscribe by opting out, as described below.) Sharing of customer lists may also provide you with the opportunity to earn bonus miles for non-flight activity.
As indicated, we require strict contractual obligations from these third parties to ensure safeguards for the privacy and security of the information that are at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy in handling your information. Traveler profile information
We use email addresses to provide information or promotional opportunities that may be of interest to you from United or third parties and to deliver information relevant to our customers, such as fare specials, reservation confirmations, surveys, account information, and notification services, and for administrative reasons.
As a MileagePlus member, a registered user of one of our websites, or a contest entrant, you occasionally will receive emails about fare sales, special offers, new services and other noteworthy news items.
We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative.
Of course, if you would rather not receive this information, you may opt out of receiving such emails as described below. Online surveys and promotions
We value the opinions of our customers and want to improve your travel experience and our service offerings.
therefore, from time to time, we will conduct research surveys.
We may also contract with third parties to perform the research, but the use of the customer data by that third party is limited solely to that survey initiative and is protected by a confidentiality agreement.
United and its third-party service providers, including ad networks, use cookies, pixel tags (also known as Web beacons), ad tags and similar files and technical devices on our site (collectively "cookies") to collect information about your use of our site which includes, but is not limited to, the IP Address used to access this site.
your browser type and operating system.
Web pages you view.
links you click.
websites visited before and websites visited after.
website browser history.
and information about your interaction with our site, including information related to your searches, profile and travel destinations.
We may combine this information with other information that we have about you.
Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services.
We also use cookies to ensure that you obtain the information you request and to authenticate your authority to access the site.
If you are a registered user on our site and you choose to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.
We also use cookies to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site according to our customers needs.
United may enter into agreements with third-party companies to serve advertisements, including advertisements for non-United products and services that we think may be of interest to you, and information on our website and on third-party websites.
Please see the following section titled "Targeted Advertising" for additional information.
You can configure your browser to not accept cookies from us or from third-party companies, like the third-party ad servers.
If you choose not to accept our cookies, however, and are a registered user, you will not have access to your personal information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site.
Although you cannot sign in to the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a guest.
It is important to note that some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Targeted advertising
We and our third-party service providers use the information that we collect about you through cookies to serve advertisements, including advertisements for non-United products and services that we think may be of interest to you, on our site and on third-party websites, as well as to track the success of our advertising campaigns.
In addition to the information collected through this site, we (and our third-party service providers) may track user activity through email or use of a mobile site.
These cookies enable the third-party advertising technology to better understand onsite activity both individually and in the aggregate.
to recognize a browsers cookie when a browser visits this site or other sites.
and to learn which advertisements bring users to our website, third-party websites or otherwise take action.
If you do not want information to be used to provide you with more relevant information, advertisements or services, you can change the settings on your Internet browser to reject cookies.
This also may disable our Web beacons.
Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie-handling settings.
Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, Web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third partys specific privacy policy, and not by this Privacy Policy.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino collect certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and fulfill online entries.
For example, we need your full name, postal and email address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won and notify you about any updates or changes to our sites.
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others.
For each day that you play, we will send you an email confirmation with the number of bonus Diamonds earned and/or of the numbers you have chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or your Jackpot ball progress and the nightly drawing card you may submit at PCHbingo.
We may utilize the services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
We may forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfilment of any prize you may win.
These service providers are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose including their own marketing.
We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino.
Such information is collected to process and fulfill online entries.
For example, we need your full name, postal and email address to enter you in the PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino giveaways, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won, and notify you about any updates or changes to our site.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day of the numbers you have chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or the number of Diamonds earned at PCHslots.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day that you play, of the numbers you submitted for the Last Chance Drawing and the current number of Jackpot balls you possess and when they expire.
We may also forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We may utilize the services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
We may also request additional information about the offers and services on our sites.
We gather this data in order to better understand our users' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information.
We utilize software from several third party companies that places tracking technologies on our web sites.
We have control over these third party cookies and javascript tags which we use to analyze the data they generate, in aggregate.
Some of the reasons for collecting this data is to determine the most popular offers on our sites, the most popular areas for users to click on a screen with many buttons to click, etc.
We also use one of these services to estimate broad demographic patterns for our users in order to present our site audience as a whole to advertisers.
When you register with PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino, we may share your name and information with third parties who may contact you by mail with relevant offers.
If you wish to opt out of such exchanges you may click here.
Targeted advertising (also known as Behavioral Advertising) uses information collected about an individuals web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made.
This information is then used to select which advertisement should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.com.
For example, if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting pch.com, you may be served an advertisement from pch.com for cooking related products when you visit a site other than pch.com.
The information collected is linked to an anonymous cookie ID (random alphanumeric number).
it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as name, address or credit card number.
The information used for targeted advertising either comes from pch.com or through third party website publishers.
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.com that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers, please click here.
Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from Publishers Clearing House and any other participating advertisers.
If you opt out, you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House.
however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
When you use AdChoices to bookmark and share our products and site, you will be taken to a third party site.
Please note that their privacy policy governs the collection and use of the information collected on those sites.
You may use the AdChoices widget to tell your friends about the site, you will need to provide your friends email address to tell them about the site.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino have no access to this third party information, please read AdChoices privacy policy to learn more about their privacy practices.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino disclose user information in aggregate form to marketing partners.
For example, we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited our sites over a period of time, but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer, unless that user has given us permission to do so.
We forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We utilize the services of and disclose user information to our service providers and subcontractors for purposes of collecting information on our behalf and for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
Unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection, we will not share personally identifiable information with marketing partners.
We have implemented a number of security features throughout our sites that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online.
For example, database information is firewall protected.
Also, only authorized personnel and approved service providers have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users.
While we strive to create secure and reliable sites for our users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed.
Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without their consent.
PCHbingo, PCHlotto, PCHslots, PCHBlackJack, and PCHCasino are not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction.
say media  inc.
( say media   we  or  us ) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.  this privacy policy explains how say media collects and uses information at its website located at www.saymedia.com and at other websites and mobile services provided by say media (collectively the  network websites ).  this privacy policy also explains how say media collects and uses information received in connection with advertisements placed by say media on the network websites and on third party affiliate websites  as part of the say media ad platform online program (the  program ) (the network websites  say media advertisement placements  and program are collectively referred to as the  say media services ).  this privacy policy also explains how you can control the collection  correction and or deletion of certain types of information that we collect.  we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.  this privacy policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.  further  this privacy policy does not apply to any websites  webpages  blogs  applications  widgets or other services operated by any third party  including our affiliates  advertisers  providers and partners.
when you visit the say media services  say media or third parties such as advertisers  third-party advertising networks  third-party advertising serving companies  and say media business partners  vendors and service providers may collect non-personally identifiable information.  for purposes of this privacy policy   non-personally identifiable information  is data that is not personally identifiable.
say media and these third parties may implement certain technologies to enable the collection of such information.  an explanation of these technologies is below.
third-party data providers 
   say media may supplement the information it collects with other non-personally identifiable information provided by third-party data providers.  the information provided may include estimates of your age  gender and your interests  but does not include personally identifiable information.
other third-party service providers 
  in connection with our services  say media may engage third parties to provide services or to support aspects of our business on our behalf.  in connection with those relationships  such third parties may collect data on our behalf.  in that case  the third party would only collect and use such information as instructed by us and in accordance with this privacy policy.
third party use of technologies   
 third parties may set and access their own cookies  use their own web beacons  and use their own scripts on and through the say media services  on and through third-party websites  or in and through our emails and newsletters.  how other companies use their own cookies  web beacons and scripts and the information they gather is subject to those companies  privacy policies  not this privacy policy.
say media will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.  say media only shares personally identifiable information with other companies or individuals outside of the say media services as follows  (1) if say media has your consent to the sharing of personally identifiable information ( e.g.   when you sign up for a particular marketing program that requires the sharing of information).
(2) to assist in delivering services that you have requested from say media ( e.g.   we may use a third party to help send emails in response to requests that you have made).
(3) to provide say media s services to you.
(4) with our advertisers if we have been engaged to collect data on their behalf  as described in the  information we collect  section above.
(5) to respond to subpoenas  court orders or legal process  to assist government enforcement agencies  to establish or exercise our legal rights  or to defend against legal claims.
(6) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate  prevent  or take action regarding third-party claims or allegations  illegal activities  suspected fraud  situations involving potential threats to the safety or property of another person  violation of our terms and conditions of service.
or (7) as otherwise required by law.  note that  with respect to disclosures occurring pursuant to (2) or (3)  above  any third-party with which say media shares personally identifiable information will be bound by this privacy policy.  say media may also store personally identifiable information and user content in locations outside the direct control of say media (for instance  on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
from time to time  we may run contests  special offers  or other events or activities ( events ) on the say media services  together with a third-party partner.  if you provide information to such third parties  you give them permission to use it for the purpose of that event and any other use that you approve.  we cannot control third parties  use of your information.  if you do not want your information to be collected by or shared in this way  you can choose not to participate in these events.
in the event that we use a third party to provide services or to support aspects of our business on our behalf  say media may share non-personally identifiable information with the third party to be used by them only for the purpose of providing their services to say media.
we may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data  referring exit pages and urls  platform types  number of clicks  etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain say media services  and as part of the function of our business.  for example  we may share the number of ad views  ad clicks and content views to help calculate the payments due under the program.
2.
We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us: (a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold with us. (b) to administer our website services. (c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.g.
product, home and motor, financial and travel services. (d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment. (e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g.
(market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme. (f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and/or services which we think will interest you from the information we have. (g) we may keep you informed of such products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties, insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods: 

Email
Telephone (including automated calls)
SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging
Post
Or otherwise
 (h) to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
4.
We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
In particular we will carry out searches with credit reference agencies.
5.
We may engage third party payment providers to administer and process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase that you make through the website.
6.
We may store and process your information on our own information technology systems or on systems owned by third parties that may store and process your information on our behalf. Crime prevention
7.
In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
Without limitation to the foregoing, we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police or any regulatory or government authority including and not limited to law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities. Telephone calls
9.
We may give information about you to the following companies and organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above: (a) to other companies in the Group. (b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future. (c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs. (d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions. (e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you. (f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
10.
We refer in paragraph 4 above to the fact that we may carry out credit reference agency searches to obtain information about you.
These agencies record those searches.
In addition to the purposes listed above, we may also share information about you and the conduct of your account with credit reference agencies, other lenders and relevant third parties including our legal advisors and debt recovery agencies.
11.
In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area.
Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data. Cookies
Please be aware that:


your review may be shared on other Home Retail Group sites.
once submitted, it usually takes 72 hours for your review, question or answer to appear on the website providing it adheres to our Publishing guidelines.
your review can be submitted anonymously or if you prefer you can leave a ratings only review.

it is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission
 If you require any further information on this service or wish to have your review removed, you can contact Customer services.
social networking site information.  for your convenience  we may allow you to register to join spiceworks by using log in credentials from third-party social networking sites ( sns ) such as facebook and linkedin.
if you register via an sns  the sns may provide us with some of the personal information you have provided to the sns.
payment information.  if you elect to use paid features of the service  you may need to provide personal information to our third-party payment processors  such as your credit card number.
user contributions.  you also may provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of the site  or transmitted to other users of the site or third parties.
spiceworks is not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users or third parties who may view and use that information.
many of the advertisements you see when using the service have been placed by third parties.
these third parties may choose to use their own cookies for the purposes of collecting information relating to the viewing of their advertising.
this privacy policy is intended to cover the use of cookies implemented by spiceworks and does not describe third party cookies in detail or their privacy policies.
small pieces of code called web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs  pixel tags and single-pixel gifs)  which are typically one-pixel images embedded in web pages or emails  are used in conjunction with cookies on the service and our emails to help us manage and monitor our online advertising and wider business arrangements with third parties and for the purpose of measuring and analyzing site usage and activity  and improving the quality of the service.
these files allow us to aggregate anonymous information relating to advertising and website usage.
for example  the type of information collected includes information relating to page views.
these web beacons may be used to recognize third party cookies and inform us and or third parties of which advertisement or link brought you to the site  allowing us to monitor the efficacy of our business relationships with third parties.
we also work with a third party to monitor certain pages of our site for the purpose of reporting site traffic and other advertising statistics.
where authorized by us  this third party may use cookies and or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our site visitors.
no personal information is transferred to this third party.  how we use the information
internal and service-related usage.  we use data you input into or that is collected by the service to perform the services requested in connection with those services.
for example  if you input inventory data into one of the web-based offerings  we will use that information to display that inventory data to you when you use such web-based offering.
we use your payment information to collect payment for the applicable services.
we may store and combine the personal information you submit or we collect via any part of the service with information from other spiceworks services or third parties (including sns) in order to deliver the service  to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services.
we may use anonymized aggregate personal or environment information to provide the services you've requested  including services that display customized content and advertising  and compare your environment configuration to those of the broader user community.
such information does not identify you or your company individually.
we may use browser usage information  which does not identify individual users or companies  to analyze trends  to administer the service  to track users' movements around the site  to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole  and to operate and improve the spiceworks technologies and services.
we may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
advertising.  third party service providers that we use to serve ads on our behalf may also use information about your visits to our site and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services.
this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag  which is industry standard technology used by most major websites.
no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process.
they do not know the name  phone number  address  email address or any personally identifying information about the user.
service providers.  we may use third party service providers to help us deliver parts of the service.
for example  we use a third party service to manage our email marketing campaigns.
this system stores your name  email address and the date on which you registered.
when we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information  we require that they comply with this privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
marketing.  we may share anonymous aggregated information with third parties outside of spiceworks  such as advertisers and market research firms approved by spiceworks  for their marketing and promotional purposes.
for example  we share with advertisers the breakdown of our user community by company size and industry.
when we share such information it does not identify you or your company individually.
as required by law and similar disclosures.  we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and or to comply with a judicial proceeding  court order  or legal process served on the service.
we may also share personal information with third parties in limited circumstances  including when preventing fraud or imminent harm and ensuring the security of our network and services.
parts of our service may include social media features  such as the facebook like button  and widgets  such as the google maps button or interactive mini-programs that run on our service.
these features may collect your ip address and which page you are visiting on our site  and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
these features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our service.
your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  children's privacy
Mobile Applications


 GM has developed certain mobile applications that you may download to your mobile device or vehicle (GM Applications).When you download a GM Application, there may be an opportunity for you to provide us with or for us to obtain information about you or your vehicle.Each GM Application will display a separate Privacy Statement that will inform you about how any information shared via the application will be handled and how to decline such use or uninstall the application.
 Through the Infotainment system, GM may also offer applications developed by third parties (3rd Party Application).
When you download a 3rd Party Application to your mobile device or vehicle, the 3rd Party Application may collect information about you in connection with your download or use of that application.GM is not responsible for the collection or use of information by 3rd Party Applications.We recommend that you carefully review the privacy statement of each 3rdParty Application prior to downloading or using them.
GM may share the information it collects about you or your vehicle in the following instances: 

as required by law, such as in conjunction with a subpoena, government inquiry, litigation, dispute resolution or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to alaw enforcement request
with our services providers who work on our behalf and who do not have an independent right to use the information to which they have access or that we disclose to them
with our business partners for GM marketing activities, business partner marketing activities or both
with third parties for research and development purposes (such as university research institutes for improving highway safety)
in connection with the sale, transfer or financing of a significant part of a GM business or its assets, including any such activities associated with a bankruptcy proceeding
within GM, with our subsidiaries and affiliates, with GM dealers and with GM licensees.
however, transaction information regarding your GM Card will not be shared with GM dealers.
Apart from the purposes listed above, GM will not share information about you or your vehicle with other third parties for their independent use without your permission.
Cookies/Tracking Technologies


 GM websites use cookies to remember user preferences and to maximize the performance of our website and services.Using cookies on our websites provides benefits to you, such as allowing you to maintain your account login information or contact information on Request a Quote forms between visits, or locating a nearby dealer.
In addition, we use information gathered from cookies to autofill fields on forms such as the city, state or zip code associated with your IP address.
This information can be corrected by you before submitting any form or inquiry or you can disable the cookie as discussed below and the information will not be collected.
 Similarly, we may also place Web beacons in our emails to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver the email and any URL accessed through our email message.
 To measure site activity and provide a better user experience, we may allow our service providers or business partners to compile information from the cookies, Web beacons or other technologies on our websites which may include information about your visit (such as demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page and the day and time of your visit).
We may also allow third party advertising and personalization partners to use this information to develop personalized content and appropriate advertising based on your visits over time on GM web sites and non-GM web sites.
 This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising campaigns or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you.
Linked Sites


 GM websites may contain links to third-party sites not controlled by GM or covered by this Privacy Statement, such as those belonging to GM dealers, GM licensees, co-branded websites offered in conjunction with a business partner, or independent product review sites.
We recommend that you check the Privacy Statement of other sites you visit before providing any personal information.
GM Dealers


 When you buy or lease a GM vehicle from a GM dealer, the dealer will share your information with GM as the vehicle manufacturer. Please be aware that each dealer operates as a separate legal entity and you should read the dealers privacy statement to ensure that you understand its privacy practices and procedures.
Additionally, because the GM dealer often is the first contact with you, the dealer can answer any questions you may have about its privacy practices.
While GM encourages its dealers to ensure full compliance with all applicable privacy legislation and has provided information to our dealers relating to privacy obligations, GM is not responsible for dealers compliance with applicable law.
 When completing a purchase or lease agreement or signing a service repair order with the GM dealer, you should be provided with information describing the dealership's privacy practices and related policies that explain that certain personal information that you provide to the dealer may be shared with GM or others in accordance with this Statement.
This privacy policy outlines Toys"R"Us' practices regarding information collected:

Online at Toysrus.com, Babiesrus.com, Toyrusinc.com and any other websites operated by Toys"R"Us (the "Toys"R"Us Sites").

When you call, e-mail or otherwise communicate with Toys"R"Us.

Through or in connection with apps or software sponsored by Toys"R"Us.

On portions of other websites hosted or sponsored by Toys"R"Us.

When you or your child use the Tabeo tablet.

In any games or promotions sponsored by Toys"R"Us.
and 
At Toys"R"Us and Babies"R"Us retail stores in the United States (the "Retail Stores").
Toys"R"Us may collect any information (such as first and last name, credit card number, address, e-mail address and telephone number) that you provide when you interact with Toys"R"Us.
Some examples are when you:

Make an online or in-store purchase;
Create or edit your Registries and Wish Lists;
Participate in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.

Download an application.

Participate in a game or other promotion on a Toys"R"Us Site or at one of our partner's websites.

Fill out a survey or questionnaire.

Sign up for our rewards program or other program or club.

Engage with Toys"R"Us content through third-party social networking sites.

Purchase a product as a result of visiting a Toys"R"Us Site, such as through our partner i-Parcel.

Set up the parental controls for the Tabeo tablet.
or 
Contact a Toys"R"Us customer service representative.
Do Not Track
3.
How does Toys"R"Us use and share personal information?
Using Your Personal Information
With Third Parties: Toys"R"Us may share your personal information with third parties, including as set forth below.
With our Service Providers: Toys"R"Us may share your personal information with service providers.
Some examples of things service providers may do that may involve your personal information are:

Authorization of credit card and check transactions, order fulfillment, sweepstakes and contests, our rewards program, and cobranded or joint product and service promotions.
Developing, hosting or maintaining the Toys"R"Us Sites on behalf of Toys"R"Us.
Warehousing product, personalizing product and performing order fulfillment and shipping services on behalf of Toys"R"Us or on your behalf and at your request.

Aggregating customer information and/or improving customer service.
We may then share such aggregated information with prospective marketing partners and advertisers.
Third-party apps preloaded or downloaded to the Tabeo may collect your child's name, username or screenname, photos, video, or audio recordings, geolocation information, and IP address or other persistent identifiers.
Certain apps may permit in-app purchases or include social network features.
You should review the privacy policy of each application before you allow your child to access or download an app on the Tabeo.
Information We Collect
We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.
Byliner never discloses your personal information to any third party unless you have instructed us to do so.
Byliner may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties.
We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing advertisements and promotions.
Byliner may develop special sites in cooperation with other companies.
If you register at these co-branded sites, we may share your registration information (such as name and email address) with that company.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings.
Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions.
We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Byliner services.
Byliner allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the Byliner site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Byliner.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.
gci does not sell or provide cpni to any third parties.
cpni is used within gci for billing purposes  to provide and change service  to contact our customers for account service issues and to provide our customers information on other gci products (for example  gci internet) that we think are of interest to you.
these offers may be made to you through a variety of ways.
when you sign up for our e-newsletter  only your e-mail address is required.
to become a global research member  your email and name are required.
global research will never disclose your name or email address to third parties.
the following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting cruises.co.uk.
you can generally visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information  including your e-mail address.
cruises.co.uk does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis  such as when registering as a new user.
cruises.co.uk will not share e-mail addresses nor any information submitted by a user when accessing our web site with anyone outside cruises.co.uk nor will cruises.co.uk disclose user information to any third party.
You own all rights to your User Content.
If you submit User Content to the Site, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, display, archive and commercialize your User Content, in our sole discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now known or hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to you or anyone else.
This license will not affect your ownership in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, except if it conflicts with these Terms.
We are not obligated to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, or to attribute your User Content to you.
You will not make or authorize any claim against us that our use of your User Content infringes any of your rights.
We will have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the Site, the Forums and the User Content, and to disclose any User Content and the circumstances surrounding its submission in order to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves, our sponsors and our users, or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.
When you register for a user group on any of the InfoSpace Sites, you are asked for your individual user information.
The individual user information may be collected and stored by a third party partner.
This partner will store your individual user information on their servers for a period of time at which InfoSpace will assume such storage responsibilities and your information will be deleted from their servers.
The partner will not have InfoSpace's permission to use your individual user information for secondary purposes.
If you choose to participate in a user group, your individual user information will be used to qualify you and to contact you for various projects at InfoSpace's discretion.
InfoSpace may share your individual user information with a third party with whom InfoSpace has entered into an agreement to support such user group projects.
You may opt out at any time by following the opt out provisions of this privacy policy. Tell-A-Friend
The InfoSpace Sites include content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein.
For more information about each third party content provider, cookies, and how to "opt-out", please refer to such third party advertiser's privacy policy.
InfoSpace Sites may use third party service providers to serve ads and e-mails on our behalf.
These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and e-mails and use information about your visits to the InfoSpace Site so that we can provide a better search experience to you.
For this purpose, we may also provide these third party service providers anonymous information about your site navigation. Mergers.
Business Transitions
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
 Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We will share your information when you give us permission.
for example, when you use a third-party web client to access your account, or when you give us permission to make information public.
 Within the Inflection Family of Products
We use certain trusted third parties to provide certain services for us.
We may share your information with these third parties, but when we do, we will only share the minimum amount of information necessary to provide the service.
In addition, any third-party service provider we use is required to give your information the same protections that are outlined here in this Privacy Policy.
 Public, Anonymous and Aggregated Data
We may share or disclose information that is non-private, anonymously aggregated, or otherwise non-personal.
 Business Transfers
When we detect suspected fraud or abuse, we may share information associated with that particular transaction or event (including, but not limited to, payment information, email addresses, and unique device identifiers) with our security partners or law enforcement for further investigation.
 Legal Compliance and Harm Prevention
We may preserve or share your information in the following circumstances: 

When required by law, regulation, or legal request such as a warrant or subpoena
When we believe it is reasonably necessary in urgent situations to protect the well-being or safety of any individual
To address fraud, security, or technical issues
To protect Inflections rights or property
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve targeted ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
When you browse our website, we may use trusted third-party tools to analyze website usage, monitor performance, and prevent fraud.
All analytics and performance data collected by third-party tools is anonymous.
We may use these tools regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser.
We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own use without your permission.
 Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act
we store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary 
despite such precautions  there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information 
if you think a third party has accessed your information  please contact us immediately as instructed below
in general  the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests 
enable you to take advantage of nickelodeon sites features and services 
personalize your experience and the advertising you see 
send you special offers and promotions from nickelodeon  the viacom family of companies  and on behalf of third parties whose products or services might be of interest to you 
measure analytics 
and manage and improve the services available on the nickelodeon sites
depending upon the circumstances  we may share collected information with  a  law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others 
 b  third parties we hire to handle certain activities 
 c  advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content  products or services 
 d  business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the nickelodeon sites 
 e  within the viacom family of companies 
 f  in the event of a corporate transaction 
and  g  otherwise with your consent
we may use a number of advertising networks  analytics service providers and other such companies to  for example  serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the nickelodeon sites 
these companies may use their own unique identifiers  and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours 
these companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies  which we encourage you to review
you may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you
registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings 
respond to visitor s requests for products  services  and information 
manage games 
serve appropriate material 
customize the content you see when you visit the nickelodeon sites 
and offer visitors special offers and promotions from nickelodeon sites and the  viacom family of companies   which comprises viacom international inc 
and its subsidiaries and affiliates  as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products  programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you
d 
computer information collected by others   the nickelodeon group uses the services of third parties who may collect  use or disclose cookie information  ip addresses or other identifiers from devices and or browsers of users who visit nickelodeon sites 
for a list of these third parties on nickelodeon sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13  please go here 
nickelodeon sites use a variety of third party advertising networks  data exchanges  traffic measurement service providers  marketing analytics service providers  and other third party service providers  collectively   third party advertising service providers  to  for example  serve advertisements on the nickelodeon sites  facilitate targeting of advertisements  and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and or traffic on the nickelodeon sites  targeting services 
these targeting services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the nickelodeon sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you 
targeting services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements 
see here for more information on this site s use of nielsen s proprietary measurement software to collect and use video viewing metrics and other information 
nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13
you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection  use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements  promotions and other websites you encounter on the internet 
the use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the nickelodeon sites 
even if we have a relationship with the third party  we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies  which we encourage you to review 
we encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties
you can opt out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such third party advertising service providers  adobe and doubleclick by using those providers  opt out tools  you can access adobe s tool at http www donottarget com  and doubleclick s at http www google com intl en policies technologies ads  we also may from time to time permit other third party advertising service providers and advertisers to collect information on the nickelodeon sites  some of these providers and advertisers may participate in the network advertising initiative s opt out tool and or the self regulatory program for online behavioral advertising please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices  
 
 
 
 
 
 nielsen measurement  
   the player on this website may feature nielsen s proprietary measurement software which will collect and use certain video viewing metrics and other information  in accordance with nielsen s digital measurement privacy policy  for more information about nielsen s measurement software  see http www nielsen com digitalprivacy and see the  choices  section of that digital measurement privacy policy to learn about your choices with respect to nielsen s measurement  including your opt out options if you do not wish to participate in such measurement and the scope of any opt out options
ii   consumer products   certain of the nickelodeon sites provide pages and or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products  the  shops 
to do so  visitors need to provide contact  shipping  billing and credit information  these pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the nickelodeon sites 
this third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us  we use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email  as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law 
before providing information on these pages  we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party s use of your information  as they may differ from ours
we may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below 
in the u s  parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child s personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties
you acknowledge  consent  and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access  preserve  and or disclose the information we collect and or content you provide to us  including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems  to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access  preservation  or disclosure is reasonably necessary to   a  comply with legal process 
 b  enforce the terms of use of the respective nickelodeon sites 
 c  respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties 
 d  respond to your requests for customer service 
or  e  protect the rights  property  or personal safety of the owners of the nickelodeon sites  any user of the nickelodeon sites  a third party or the general public  we also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability 
to protect or defend our rights or property 
or protect the safety  rights  or property of others
information collected through the nickelodeon sites may be transferred  disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities  such as message boards  sweepstakes and contests  e cards  payment processing  newsletters  and advisory boards  and to perform other technical and processing functions  such as sending postal mail and email  maintaining data integrity  programming operations  user services or technology services  we may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions  but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information  some of these agents  such as payment processors  may request additional information during the course of offering their services  before you provide additional information to third party agents  we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices
the nickelodeon group uses the services of third parties who may collect  use or disclose cookie information  ip addresses or other identifiers from devices and or browsers of users who visit nickelodeon sites 
for a list of these third parties on nickelodeon sites that are directed to children or where nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13  please go here 
some nickelodeon sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content  products  or services that we believe may be of interest 
for example  we may partner with a greeting card company  software manufacturer  social media plugin provider  mobile phone provider or cable television service provider to offer you electronic cards  games  social networking  text messaging services or customized video content 
these partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the nickelodeon sites and  accordingly  may have their own privacy policies  if you consent or register with one of our partners  that means you grant the nickelodeon sites permission to give your registration and other information  including e mail address  to that third party if you have identified yourself as residing in the eu  we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have
 opted in
some nickelodeon sites offer co branded services and features  such as events and promotions that we put together with another company  co branded partner 
such services may be hosted on a site and or our co branded partner s website 
we may share your information with our co branded partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co branded service or feature means that you opt in and affirmatively consent to both the nickelodeon sites and our co branded partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and or in connection with the specific co branded feature for fulfillment  marketing or administrative purposes 
if you wish to opt out of a co branded partner s future use of your information for marketing purposes  you will need to contact the co branded partner directly 
the co branded partner will be identified on the co branded feature or service
the websites that comprise the nickelodeon sites may contain links to other sites  including those of sponsors  advertisers  social networking platforms  and survey companies 
these other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices  which may be substantially different from ours 
we encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites
we may ask you for and collect personal information at other times  including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest 
when you participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by motorola or one of our business partners 
when you complete surveys 
when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by motorola or one of our business partners 
we use the information you provide to help us design and build better products  to customize your shopping experience  and to provide advice and purchase recommendations and for other purposes consistent with this statement 
motorola may also match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers
motorola also conducts research on our users  demographics  interests  and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase  during a promotion  from surveys and from our server log files 
we do this to better understand and serve our users 
this research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual 
motorola may share this aggregated data with our business partners
in order to offer and provide a customized website experience  motorola may use cookies  including googleanalytics and doubleclick cookies  to store and help track information about you 
cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer s hard drive 
motorola uses cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits 
cookies enable us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won t have to re enter them each time you visit 
we also use cookies in order to determine relevant interest based advertisements to serve the user
motorola may also use services hosted by third parties  such as google analytics for display advertisers  remarketing with google analytics  google display network impression reporting  doubleclick campaign manager and google analytics demographic and interest reporting and evidon to assist in providing services to help us understand our customers  use of our websites and products  and to deliver and manage interest based advertisements 
these services may collect information  such as your ip address  sent by your browser or via cookies 
this information may be used to measure website trends and to deliver a motorola product advertisement while browsing a website including non motorola websites 
these ads are delivered based on a user s visit to the motorola website 
motorola and its third party vendors  including google  use first party cookies  such as the google analytics cookies  and third party cookies  such as the doubleclick cookie  together to report how your ad impressions  other uses of ad services  and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to motorola s website 
 
 
 please see  cookies  in the section above to learn how you can control the use of cookies on your computer and how you can control your receipt of such interest based ads
when you are on a motorola site and are asked for personal information  you are sharing that information with motorola and its subsidiaries and related companies 
additionally  if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service  your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with motorola 
motorola may also contract with third party companies to perform services for motorola on its website that require these companies to collect website user information  e g 
hosting a website sweepstakes  promotion or survey  selling software downloads or delivering motorola advertisements
in addition  motorola s web sites may allow third parties to provide products and services directly to motorola customers 
such relationships are often designated with a  provided by  or  powered by  company logo or other similarly worded designation 
if you choose to purchase a product or service from such a third party  that party will collect your information and share it with motorola 
you may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page or by clicking on the  provided by company  logo  which will take you to their web site
additionally  when you purchase or download software applications from motorola or a third party  your personal information is shared with the software developer licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user and to permit them to provide you any required support 
if you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company  you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites
the motorola website may also contain various links to third party websites that may provide additional information  goods  services and promotions 
these sites are operated independently of motorola and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices 
any information you provide to these websites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy  if any 
motorola has no responsibility or liability for the actions or policies of these independent sites and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites
except as outlined in this policy or on our web sites  motorola does not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent 
please note that  in special cases  we may need to share information without acquiring consent  such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it  or to identify  contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our sites  terms of use or may be violating motorola s or others  rights or causing injury to or interference with motorola s or others  property
in addition  motorola shares the information you provide with motorola subsidiaries and related companies 
if you purchase a mobile device  or other product requiring service  your personal information is shared with the service provider carrier with whom you subscribe 
additionally  if you express an interest in a product requiring a particular type of service  motorola may share your personal information with your local service provider in order to determine whether such service is available in your area
motorola may share your personal information with third party business partners so that they may provide services to motorola that are consistent with the terms of this privacy statement  and this web site  e g 
order processing and delivery  database management  sending targeted advertisements  software sales  and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on behalf of motorola 
motorola takes great pride in utilizing only reputable business partners 
motorola may also  on occasion  provide personal information to third party businesses as part of a specific product  service  or promotion
motorola shares web site usage information about visitors to our web sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with reputable third party advertising companies for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics 
for this purpose  we and our third party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of pixel tags 
the information collected by our third party advertising companies through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable
You can log in to our Site using single sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Certain Services: In order to provide you with certain services, we may share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries or third party partners, or require that you transact directly with a third party partner.
Third party partners consist of companies with which priceline.com has contracted in order to provide you with services or products featured on our Site.
Please refer to the websites of third party suppliers for their Privacy Policies and other information on the suppliers.
Below is a list of some of such services:
Priceline.com's Agents: Many of the operations we perform require us to hire other companies to help us with these tasks.
For example, priceline.com hires companies to help us handle mail and e-mail (including sending and delivering packages, postal mail and e-mail) analyze the data we collect, market our products and services, handle credit card transactions and provide customer service.
The companies we employ to help us with these tasks have access to Personal Data to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Priceline.com requires all agents to whom Personal Data is disclosed to enter into confidentiality agreements and to agree to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Policy.
External Service Providers: When you use the priceline.com service to purchase an airline ticket, reserve a hotel room or a rental car or to take advantage of any of our other products and services (including travel insurance and destination attractions), we provide Personal Data to the airline, hotel, car rental agency, travel agency or other involved third-party.
Please refer to the websites of third party suppliers for their Privacy Policies and other information on the suppliers.
As described in more detail below, priceline.com's cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience on our web site.
The third party cookies used on our site are also designed to improve your web site experience by facilitating the receipt of targeted advertisements while on our site and while you are viewing other, non-priceline.com web sites.
To opt-out of advertising and certain other cookies, please see the opt-out links below.
Analytics/Measurement: We also use third-party analytics cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use the Site, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant.
The data we gather includes which web pages you have viewed, which referring/exit pages you have entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our Site.
We also make use of analytics cookies as part of our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our website after they have been shown an online advertisement, which may include advertisements on third-party websites.
Contests, Sweepstakes, and Promotions: From time to time you may be able to participate in contests, giveaways, or other similar promotions we sponsor.
Participation may require sharing your personal information with us or third parties sponsoring the contest, giveaway, or promotion, and you should check the rules to determine how your information will be used and shared with others.
The Company may announce rules in connection with any such opportunity, but regardless of whether specific rules are announced, all such opportunities will be controlled by the Companys Contest Policies set forth here: Contest Policies.
Any rules announced at the time of a contest will be in addition to the Contest Policies.
In addition, as a condition to receiving any awards or prizes, you may be required to provide additional information, to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain information about you in marketing materials.
If a third party administers the contest, your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions and that third party's privacy policy.
We are not responsible for such third parties.
You should carefully review the Contest Policies and these third parties' terms and conditions before deciding whether to participate in a contest publicized through the Service.
6.
Third-Party Links Disclaimer
Information that we automatically collect.
We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you use our Services.
We may collect information about your device such as the type, version of operating system, signal strength, whether it is on and how it is functioning, as well as information about how you use the device and services available through it, such as your call and data usage and history, your location, web sites you have visited, applications purchased, applications downloaded or used, and other similar information.
We may link information we automatically collect with personal information, such as information you give us at registration or check out.
We may use systems or tools to follow your use of our Services and other applications, including using cookies, web beacons and other mechanisms, along with analysis of network and device information.
For example, we allow collection by analytic service provider(s) of site click-stream and cookie data to help us track aggregate and individual use of our Services.
We sometimes use cookies to enable features on our sites, such as the ability to save your shopping cart or set preferences.
Advertisers and advertising networks that serve ads on our sites may also use their own mechanisms, including cookies.
These third party cookies or tools are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads and are not subject to this Policy.
Affiliates.
We may share personal and non-personal information with affiliated entities for approved business purposes.
Service Providers.
We may share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf.
Third Party Verification Services.
We may share limited personal information (e.g., address, phone number) with non-Sprint entities to assist with identity verification, and to prevent fraud and identity theft.
Other Third Parties with Your Consent.
We may share information with other third parties with your consent.
For example, you may agree to our sharing your information with other third parties to hear about their products and services.
Use of the information you agree to share will be subject to those third parties' separate privacy policies.
Disclosures to Third Party Application and Service Providers.
You may choose to use services and products offered by third parties through our Services or devices such as third party applications.
When you leave our network you may also use mobile roaming services provided by third parties.
Your use of such services and applications may result in these third parties collecting your personal information and obtaining information from Sprint, including location information (when applicable).
You may also choose to give personal information directly to third parties when using our Services.
In each case, personal information you give a third party will be subject to its terms, conditions, and policiesnot this policy.
You should review a third party's privacy policy and terms of service before providing your information or using the service.
Conduct market or traffic flow analysis and reporting or produce or facilitate production by others of business and marketing reports to share with third parties.
For example, we may aggregate customer information across a particular region and create a report showing that 10,000 subscribers from a given city visited a sports stadium.
If you do not wish for us to use your information to produce de-identified and aggregated data sets in the reports we share with third parties, you may opt out at any time.
See sprint.com/privacy for details.
With your opt-in consent only, customize or personalize advertising based on information we collect about your use of your wireless device in order to provide wireless service to you.
For example, we may use information about your mobile web browsing or use of mobile applications to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, and we may share de-identified information about your use of your device with third parties so that they can tailor advertising to your interests based on that information.
To participate in this program, you must opt in.
See sprint.com/privacy for details on how to do so.
As described above, we work with advertisers and advertising networks that serve ads on our sites and that may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our sites and other websites.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on other websites and better understand your online activity.
To find out more about targeted advertising and/or to "opt out" of automatic collection of information for this purpose, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
we will collect information  including personal information and non identifying information  when you interact with us and the site  for example when you   
 
 access or use the site 
 
 register  subscribe  or create an account with groupon  
 open or respond to our e mails 
 
 provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of  or together with  business partners  
 visit any page online that displays our ads or content  
 purchase products or services on or through the site 
 
 connect or link to any site via social networking sites  
 post comments to online communities 
and 
 provide information to our vendors
you may also manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications 
please refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between groupon and your social networking account or your mobile device
if you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our business partners  you can follow the opt out instructions in the emails that they send you
we  or our vendors on our behalf  use information collected as described in this privacy statement to   
 
 operate  maintain and improve the site and our services 
 
 provide you with personalized ads and offers for products and services from us and participating business partners 
 
 facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the site   for example  for groupon vouchers and other goods and services  including tracking redemption  
 evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers  products or services that may be of interest to you  and analyze advertising effectiveness 
 
 answer your questions and respond to your requests 
 
 perform analytics and conduct customer research 
 
 communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about groupon and our business partners  sometimes by combining your information with information from other sources 
 
 send you reminders  technical notices  updates  security alerts  support and administrative messages  service bulletins  marketing messages  and requested information  including on behalf of business partners 
 
 administer rewards  surveys  sweepstakes  contests  or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our business partners 
 
 manage our everyday business needs  such as administration of the site  forum management  fulfillment  analytics  fraud prevention  and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and terms of use  or to comply with the law 
 
 allow you to apply for a job  post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants  business partners  or third parties through the site  and to 
 enhance other information we have about you directly or from other sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests
we  or our vendors on our behalf  may share your personal information as required or permitted by law  
 
 with any groupon affiliate who may only use the personal information for the purposes described in this privacy statement  
 with our vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect the personal information  
 to report or collect on debts owed to us or our business partners  
 with relevant business partners   
 with whom we jointly offer products and services  
 to facilitate a direct relationship with you  including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the business partner  
 to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase  a sponsored reward  offer  contest  program  or other activity in which you have elected to participate 
 
 to the extent you have purchased or redeemed a groupon voucher  goods or services offered by a business partner or participated in an offer  rewards  contest or other activity or program sponsored or offered through groupon on behalf of that business partner  
 
 
 with a purchaser of groupon or any of the groupon affiliates  or their assets 
 
 to comply with legal orders and government requests  or as needed to support auditing  compliance  and corporate governance functions 
 
 to combat fraud or criminal activity  and to protect our rights or those of our affiliates  users  and business partners  or as part of legal proceedings affecting groupon 
 
 in response to a subpoena  or similar legal process  including to law enforcement agencies  regulators  and courts in the united states and other countries where we operate 
or  
 with your consent
we may also disclose non identifiable information  
 
 for the same reasons we might share personal information  
 with business partners for their own analysis and research  
 to facilitate targeted content and ads 
or  
 with third party ad servers to place our ads and or ads of our merchants or business partners on the site and on third party sites  and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads
we do not share personal information with third party ad servers 
however  third party ad servers may automatically collect non identifying information about your visit to the site and other websites  your device address  your internet service provider and the browser you use to visit the site 
they do this by using cookies  clear gifs and other technologies 
information collected may be used  among other things  to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the site and the other websites tracked by these third parties 
this privacy statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by third party ad servers  and groupon is not responsible for cookies or clear gifs in third party ads 
we encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technologies 
if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers  please visit http www networkadvertising org
when you access these pages or open email messages  we use pixel tags and web beacons to generate a notice of that action to us  or our vendors 
these tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the site  pages and promotions
the site may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information  communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs  review products and merchants  and submit media content 
prior to posting in these areas  please read our terms of use carefully 
all the information you post may be accessible to anyone with internet access  and any personal information you include in your posting may be read  collected  and used by others 
for example  if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review  you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties 
you should avoid publicly posting personal information or identifying information about third parties
if you reside in canada  you may have the right to be provided with access to personal information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to vendors outside canada 
e mail us at privacy groupon com with questions
pursuant to section 1798 83 of the california civil code  residents of california can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the proceeding calendar year 
in particular  the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties  the names and addresses of those third parties  and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties 
to request a copy of the information disclosure provided by groupon pursuant to section 1798 83 of the california civil code  please contact us via the email or address stated above 
please allow 30 days for a response
We get information about you from third parties. For example, if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications.
The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you.
This could include your name and email address.
Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms. We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to look at site trends and customer interests. We may use your information to make our website and products better.
We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about special promotions or offers.
We might also tell you about new features or products.
These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting.
Or, for example, if you buy tickets from us we'll enroll you in our newsletter.
We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events.
To learn about your choices for these communications, read the choices section below.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law.
 We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies. This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues, for example.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us manage our online registration process or who fulfill your purchases.
Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.
We will share information with our business partners. This includes a third party who provides or sponsors an event, or who operates a venue where we hold events.
Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies.
You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this. You have certain choices about how we use your information.
If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information.
You can make a request one time each year.
if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof  and you believe any content submitted to and hosted on the service infringes your copyrights  then you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act ( dmca ).
more details regarding such notification may be found here.
in addition  click here to find more information about how to file a counter notification if you believe your posting was removed in error.  desktop terms
third party software.  the software you download for the desktop consists of a package of components  including certain third party software provided under separate license terms  which can be found in the documentation for the desktop or the applicable help  notices  about or source files or will be provided to you by spiceworks on request.
you are permitted to use such third party software in conjunction with the desktop in a manner consistent with the terms of this agreement  however  you may have broader rights under the applicable separate license terms and nothing in this agreement is intended to impose further restrictions on your use of such third party software.  web-based offering terms
the service may use third parties to process payments.
our third-party payment processors accept payments through methods detailed on the applicable payment screen  which may include various credit cards.
you agree to pay for all products and services that you purchase through the service  and you agree that we may charge your selected payment method  either directly or through the services of a third-party payment processor  for any such payments.
only those payment methods accepted by our third-party payment processor can be used to purchase products  goods  or services through the service.
during use of the service  you may enter into correspondence with  submit a request for quote (pricing and availability)  purchase goods and or services from  follow a vendor or user  or participate in promotions  sweepstakes or contests of advertisers or sponsors showing their goods and or services through the service.
any such activity  and any terms  conditions  warranties or representations associated with such activity  is solely between you and the applicable third party.
spiceworks and its licensors shall have no liability  obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence  purchase  request for quote (pricing and availability)  promotions  sweepstakes or contests between you and any such third party.
spiceworks does not endorse any sites on the internet that are linked through the service.
spiceworks provides these links to you only as a matter of convenience  and in no event shall spiceworks or its licensors be responsible for any content  products  or other materials on or available from such third-party sites.
spiceworks provides the service to you pursuant to the terms and conditions of this agreement.
you recognize  however  that certain third-party providers of ancillary software  hardware or services may require your agreement to additional or different licenses or other terms prior to your use of or access to such software  hardware or services.  trademarks
under no circumstances shall spiceworks or any third party who makes its software or content available in conjunction with or through the service be liable to you or any other user on account of any use or misuse of the service or such third-party software or content.
neither spiceworks nor any third-party software or content provider shall be liable for any direct  indirect  incidental  consequential  special  exemplary  or punitive damages  whether based on warranty  contract  tort (including negligence)  or otherwise (even if spiceworks and or a third-party software or content provider have been advised of the possibility of such damages).
Information from Other Sources
 We may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand and analyze our records and identify new customers.
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you, we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above.
We also may share personal information with those providers.
We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers.
Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below.
Best Buy does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as:

Fulfilling orders
Delivering packages
Scheduling and performing installations
Servicing products
Maintaining our My Best Buy program
Sending Best Buy marketing communications
Fulfilling subscription services
Conducting research and analysis
Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments
Providing chat functions
We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards.
We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings.
For example, when you apply for a Best Buy credit card, we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card. How We Protect the Information We Collect
III. HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION GATHERED ON THE SITE?
Except as expressly set forth in our policies, we will not willfully disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party without first receiving your permission. We will never sell, rent, or swap your personally identifiable information with non-affiliated third parties for their own purposes.
In certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf.
These service providers may maintain customer databases which may hold Site users e-mail addresses, including:

viewers, listeners and members;
Site visitors who have provided them to PBS by registering at our Site or signing up for a newsletter or listserv;
audience members who e-mail questions about membership or programs;
donors who submit online contributions.
or
online buyers who make a purchase.
Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf.
They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example processing your order or sending you a series newsletter.
They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose.
Similarly, personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation intended for a program, series or Member Station, or for purposes of ordering products, subscriptions or other services offered by the PBS Member Stations, will be shared by PBS or by such PBS Member Stations with third parties who perform services to process the donation or the applicable order.
Also, in transmitting your donation or order to the local Member Station PBS may share your personally identifiable information with the Member Station for order or donation processing.At times, we make customer mailing lists available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the Site.If you prefer that we not share your information in this way, please contact us.
